Week of Nightmares Event 1
Heath, Ohio
June 5th 2022
2R+F
17 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10109

-- 1GW4 + 3VP in final

Deck Name: The Red Scare
Description: Breed-n-bleed Banu Haqim deck focusing on (mostly) disciplineless combat and Haqim's Law: Retribution.

I misplayed in round one and lost my VP.  I managed a sweep at a four-player table in round two to end up third seed in the final.

Finals seating:
John, Salubri bleed ->
Mark, Legionnaires 2 VP ->
me 3 VP ->
Logan Anarch unnamed ->
Kurt, G1 Gangrel Primogen combat wall

I make my first Embrace and Mark decided to bloc the hunt.  Weighted Walking Stick + Lucky Blow + Target Vitals left me with no Stick and Mark with a seriously injured Erebus.  He was much more selective in blocking after that.

Kurt was top seed and assumed that Wynn + Dog Pack would wreck the unnamed and he would be
in a good position.  No Wynn and he never managed to hurt the unnamed.  The unnamed was
making good progress and Suddened my first Haqim's Law: Retribution.  Leaving me focused
on controlling my predator.  I was up to 4 vampires and three Embraces.  I locked Logan's
two unlocked vampires with Anarch Troublemaker and drop my first Haqim's Law: Retribution.
I fire off 3 bleed of 2 dropping Logan to two pool.  I pause to call a Con Boon and then
finish the oust, gaining 13 total pool.  Mark wipes out most of those gains on his next
turn.  Kurt was at 3 pool at the start of my next turn.  I drop my second Haqim's Law
Retribution, get Khabar: Glory, stealthing by Basila.  It takes all seven vampires to get
those last three pool.  In the process one of my vampires was burned, two were sent to
torpor, and two were left empty.  Again Mark burns through my 10 pool that I gained.  I
use the Heart to get a Con Boon and am holding a Priority Contract.  After two hunts, I
use the Contract on an Embrace against John's empty vampire.  I gain 3 pool and prevent
his hands in the process.  I call the Con Boon managing to stealth by Erebus and gain 6
pool there.  Mark manages to get my pool down to four, but I get one more turn.  John has
no unlocked vampires and 7 pool.  I am holding 7 combat cards in my hand and only need to
draw one more to be able to bleed for 3 with each vampire.  My first action is reduce by 3
and my second action reduced by 2, leaving my prey at 6 pool.  My last two bleeds reduce
that to zero.

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=23, avg=4.5)
-----------------------------------------
2x Kassandra Tassaki                   6  CEL THA obf      prince    Assamite:6
2x Warmaksan                           5  THA cel obf      prince    Assamite:6
1x Khadija Al-Kindi                    6  CEL OBF THA      primogen  Assamite:6
1x Asmin Kobane                        5  CEL dom obf tha            Assamite:6
1x Omer                                5  CEL QUI obf                Assamite:6
1x Greg Mazouni                        4  cel obf tha                Assamite:6
1x Mateusz Kazimirski, Biker of Blood  4  CEL qui                    Assamite:6
1x Bijou                               3  cel tha                    Assamite:6
1x Sukainah                            3  aus qui                    Assamite:5
1x Alu                                 2  obf                        Assamite:5

Library (90 cards)
Master (14; 2 trifle)
2x Alamut -- never played all day; wasn't necessary in final can be critical
1x Anarch Troublemaker -- key to finals win
1x Coven, The
1x Frontal Assault
6x Haqim's Law: Retribution
1x Haven Uncovered
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Priority Contract

Action (11)
9x Embrace, The
2x Khabar: Glory

Ally (1)
1x Ossian

Equipment (2)
1x Codex of the Edenic Groundskeepers -- never played; may not be worth it
1x Heart of Nizchetus

Political Action (8)
6x Consanguineous Boon
2x Praxis Seizure: Istanbul -- like the Justicar votes

Action Modifier/Combat (14)
7x Resist Earth's Grasp
7x Swallowed by the Night

Combat (40)
3x Fake Out
4x Focus the Blood
2x Glancing Blow
6x Lucky Blow
2x Pulled Fangs
11x Target Vitals
4x Taste of Vitae
6x Weighted Walking Stick
2x Zip Gun