Week of Nightmares Event 5
Columbus (OH), USA
June 7th 2022
2R+F
18 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10113

-- 1GW4 + 3vp in final

Deck Name: The Hungarian Coyote
Created by: John Eno and Karl Schaefer
Description: Codex bleed using Claiming the Body to lock potential blockers.

The deck name is unchanged from John's original, which included a Hungry Coyote.  This latest version removed it on feedback from Darby, but the name remains because it's too clever.

Round one was a game win earned in overtime, declaring a bleed just before the timer hit.  An extra vp in round two put me in as second seed.

John Tzimisce toolbox ->
Bill Nocturns 2vp ->
Me 3vp ->
Mark G6 Brujah ->
Jesse Cockblock

I got New Blood in my opener (every time today in fact, very lucky).  There was no real
intercept around me so I was able to get a lot of early actions to succeed.  So, Blood
Buff plus Unwholesome Bond and Hive Mind widened my playspace quickly.

Mark calls a KRC with Aline and brings out a second vampire, leaving both unlocked to
block.  Cock Robin has an unfortunate encounter with Tzimisce agg-poke and ends up in
torpor.  Mark is willing to let the Tzimisce live if they diablerize.  There's a Warsaw
Station in play, but I don't say anything and neither does anyone else.  Cock Robin dies.

I start my turn with 4 vampires and 3 pieces of +1 bleed equipment.  Mark is at 8 pool, so
I pass the Troublemaker to lock both vampires, drop the Heidelburg Castle, and get to the
business of ousting.  My turn ends with a fifth Blood Brother in play and a vp in hand.

Jesse brings up Nikolaus Vermeulen, putting his pool at 10.  I am taking some Shadow Twin
damage from Bill, but nothing that is too irksome.  I oust Jesse on my next turn locking
Nikolaus with Claiming the Body, stealthing by his only block attempt afterwards and
dropping a huge Walk of Caine.

Now I have intercept around me in terms of the Tzimisce and an Under Siege by Bill.  The
following turn, I work through all of the Under Siege counters and around some Tzimisce
blocks.  I have one vampire in torpor and am very low on blood as Agi didn't make an
appearance in the final.  Bill hits me hard with Dominate bleed (never risking the
Archons, however) and I estimate that I have one turn left.

John blocks my attempt to rescue Dorka.  I burn Gabi with Breath of the Dragon in the
process of sending his Ludmijla to torpor.  That was the only standing intercept on the
table, which left me free to perform all of my remaining actions.  I get the rescue off,
equip a Codex and using unlock tricks have four Blood Brothers ready to bleed and my prey
is at 11 pool.  I send in a bleed of 2, boosting it to three.  The first Codex bleed is
bounced.  I use the Castle to send another, which hits.  Walk of Caine with the last
vampire to finish it out.

I concede my VP to Bill because I've already got the win.

Crypt (12 cards, min=11, max=23, avg=4.17)
------------------------------------------
3x Ági        6  FOR SAN VIC  Blood Brother:6
2x Gabi       5  SAN VIC for  Blood Brother:6
2x Dorka      4  for san vic  Blood Brother:6
2x Viri       3  san vic      Blood Brother:6
2x Zizi       3  san vic      Blood Brother:6
1x New Blood  2  san          Blood Brother:ANY

Library (76 cards)
Master (16; 5 trifle)
2x Anarch Troublemaker
1x Archon Investigation
3x Blood Buff
1x Coven, The
3x Effective Management
1x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
1x Information Highway
3x Tribute to the Master
1x Wider View

Action (20)
6x Hive Mind
6x Redistribution
7x Unwholesome Bond
1x Zillah's Tears

Equipment (9)
2x Camera Phone
3x Codex of the Edenic Groundskeepers
1x Ivory Bow
1x Laptop Computer
1x Sargon Fragment, The -- never played all day; should be good in theory
1x Signet of King Saul, The

Action Modifier (20)
5x Changeling
7x Claiming the Body
1x Daring the Dawn
2x Freak Drive
2x Shell Game -- ensure you can get by The Unmasking, etc.
3x Walk of Caine

Action Modifier/Combat (6)
2x Plasmic Form -- extra stealth is really useful, so is the dodge
4x Slake the Thirst

Combat (5)
2x Breath of the Dragon
3x Chiropteran Marauder