Week of Nightmares Event 3
Columbus (OH), USA
June 6th 2022
2R+F
14 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10111

-- 1GW4 + 2vp in final

Deck Name: Psalm 69
Description: Ministry multi-act bleed vote.

This deck is light on transient stealth and will need to be adjusted for you meta.  It does have three permanent stealth options, which helps mitigate the light stealth.

Thanks to Darby for critical deck advice that helped with the finals victory.

Me 2vp ->
Bill Tupdog vote and Legionnaires 1vp ->
Mark Banu Haqim toolbox ->
Ben Peal Ministry starter ->
Kelly Beefcake block 2vp

I was not very pleased with any spot on the table, but having faced Kelly in round one,
hoped that I could gain 3vp or 2vp in a split and win via seeding.  I managed to do
the latter.

Ben and I discussed vampires because we were both playing Ministry.  We had two
duplicates, so split them.  I got the weaker one, but wasn't going to argue as he didn't
have any of the titled Ministers in his uncontrolled region.

Bill proceeds to vote and bleed his prey off the table.  First by having the only votes on
the table and then via Dia + Cryptic Rider.

Bill had 10 pool when I started my next turn and he was threatening me with Mark of the
Damned if I bled him.  That would have ousted me, but I had no such intention on holding
off.  I asked Kelly about calling a Reckless Agitation and he wasn't down for it, so I
Pentexed his Matthias and proceeded to go about my business.  I ousted Bill that turn and
with Matthias, who had the Bowl, in Pentex, Ben made hay with his pool.

I contested Marcel with Ben and proceeded to whittle his pool down.  Three times Kelly
saved Ben with Eagle's Sight, resulting in two torporized vampires.

I started my last turn with 4 pool, Ben at 2 and Kelly at 5.  I stopped contesting Marcel.
Paid 1 pool to recur Memory Rift via Garibaldi and paid two pool to put Anarch Railroad in
play, leaving myself at 1 pool with one vampire with 1 blood.

I proceeded to call Ancilla Empowerment with the Memory Rift instead of bleeding.  Ben had
used several Party of out Bounds to reduce bleeds.  Since both Platinum Protocol and a
vote both start at one stealth, I decided I had better odds passing a vote than bleeding
as Ben would need two Parties to stop me.  Kelly would be able to use Eagle's Sight for
intercept instead of at superior, so that was a negative.  Kelly attempted to block, but
failed.  I burned 2 of my 3 Propaganda of the Deed to pass the vote and ousting both Ben
and myself in the process.

Achievement Unlocked: Win a Final by Self-Ousting.

Crypt (12 cards, min=17, max=27, avg=5.5)
-----------------------------------------
3x Vivian VI           7  PRE PRO obf tha  baron  Follower of Set:6
2x Elisha Tucker       6  PRE cel obf pro  baron  Follower of Set:6
2x Jenny Silver        5  PRE PRO obf             Follower of Set:6
1x Crystal Lynn        6  OBF PRE PRO             Follower of Set:6
1x Aluc Romas de Leon  5  PRE aus obf pro         Follower of Set:6
1x Doctor Morocco      5  PRO cel obf pre         Follower of Set:6
1x Marcel              4  obf pre pro             Follower of Set:6
1x Milton Fox          3  pre pro                 Follower of Set:6

Library (69 cards)
Master (11; 4 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad
1x Archon Investigation
1x Club Illusion
2x Dabbler
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum -- recursion is still broken
1x Opium Den
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion -- still good
1x Powerbase: Los Angeles
2x Villein

Action (15)
2x Entrancement
1x Fee Stake: Corte
2x Heart of the City
10x Platinum Protocol, The -- this card is sooo good

Ally (1)
1x Saatet-ta

Political Action (7)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancilla Empowerment
2x Eat the Rich
3x Reckless Agitation

Action Modifier (20)
6x CrimethInc.
1x Earth Control
3x Enchanting Gaze
2x Memory Rift
4x Propaganda of the Deed
4x Revelation of the Serpent

Action Modifier/Combat (4)
1x Form of the Cobra
2x Rapid Change
1x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (8)
4x Bait and Switch
1x Delaying Tactics
3x On the Qui Vive

Combat (3)
3x Form of Mist