Week of Nightmares Event 4
Columbus, Ohio
June 7th 2022
2R+F
15 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10112

-- 2GW6 + 4VP in final

Deck Name: Shilmulo Death Star
Description: A Ravnos Death Star deck. A reworking of my other Death Star designs.  Based on Matt Morgan's original design.

Brad mid-cap DEM 1 VP ->
Jesse died too fast for me to recall ->
Me 4 VP ->
Guy Platinum bleed ->
Darby Imbued Chainsaw

Brad came out of the gate firing on all cylinders.  He didn't have a bleed for less than 4
against his first prey.

I was struggling to do anything useful with my opening hand, which contained a bunch of
stealth and Shilmulo Tarot.  I brought up Paul Forrest first and equipped the Tarot.
These extra draws came in very handy as I wasn't getting much card cycling other than my
discard.

Guy was also starting very fast.  Each Platinum bleed hit and by the time Guy was ousted
there were 8 or 9 corruption counters on Darby's Imbued.  Darby was under immediate and
constant pressure.

I did manage to draw into my Con Boons in a timely fashion and was keeping my pool total
high in anticipation of Brad's big bleeds.  Once he was my predator, I decided to No-Block
every action.  His first turn as my predator was still very damaging, but he only had two
vampires at that point.  I was running with Paul, Chavi, Irena, and a baby.  Guy takes
some bleeds of one, but reduces all the bleeds of two.

On my next turn, I'm low on pool and I play a master card to draw the Revolutionary
Council from my Tarot, attempting to oust Guy with votes, since his bleed reduction was
too consistent.  The vote gets DI2'd, so I have to bleed instead.  Guy has 6 pool and Paul
Forrest plus the hand and Tarot stealth make short work of him as he was out of bleed
reduction.  Darby was at three pool and I had saved Chavi for last, setting up many
different stealth cards in hand to combine with her special.  I go for the bleed of three
and manage to hit 4 stealth, just enough to make it land.

Twelve pool to the better, but it's Brad's turn and he removes almost all of those gains.
I make a baby and call Exclusion Principle.  Fire off a few bleeds all boosted by Paul
Forrest who can get The Coven blood every turn during the heads-up.  Brad's pool total is
still very high because Darby was unable to make any forward progress.  Another round of
bleeds.  I Archon the plus-bleeder and Brad's remaining vampires do very little.  I recur
Eat the Rich because Gem Ghastly is a Primogen, then proceed to vote and bleed Brad off
the table.

This deck originally had Rom Gypsy, which was removed.  I never bothered to put City Star
Taxi back in, but an additional stealth permanent might prove useful in some metas.

Crypt (12 cards, min=4, max=28, avg=3.92)
-----------------------------------------
5x Anarch Convert               1  -none-                   Caitiff:ANY
1x Alexis Sorokin               8  CEL CHI OBF PRO for      Ravnos:4
1x Chavi Oraczko                7  ANI CHI FOR nec          Ravnos:5
1x Tatiana Stepanova, Alastor   7  CHI PRE ani for obf      Ravnos:4
1x Vassily Taltos               6  aus cel chi dom for obf  Ravnos:4
1x Irena                        5  CHI ani for pre          Ravnos:5
1x Paul Forrest, False Prophet  5  chi for pre              Ravnos:4
1x Devyn                        4  ani chi pre              Ravnos:4

Library (75 cards)
Master (15; 1 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad
1x Archon Investigation -- if you need it, you need it
1x Barrens, The
2x Blood Doll
1x Carfax Abbey
1x Coven, The
1x Fear of Mekhet -- not needed today; meta dependent
1x Fortune Teller Shop
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum -- recursion is still broken
1x Giant's Blood
1x Infamous Insurgent -- Suddened today, but generally good
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion -- still good
1x Twilight Camp
1x Week of Nightmares

Action (15)
1x Fee Stake: Boston
1x Fee Stake: Corte
1x Fee Stake: Los Angeles
1x Fee Stake: New York
1x Fee Stake: Perth
1x Fee Stake: Seattle
2x Illegalism -- most of the crypt can use two functions
7x Tumnimos

Equipment (1)
1x Shilmulo Tarot -- great for setting up your hand flow

Political Action (16)
2x Anarch Salon -- refilling Ravnos during the Week is important
4x Consanguineous Boon
1x Domain Challenge
2x Eat the Rich -- great in the current vote-heavy meta
1x Exclusion Principle -- good for Delayed Boons, never had that issue
1x Kine Resources Contested
1x Neonate Breach
2x Reckless Agitation
2x Revolutionary Council

Action Modifier (22)
5x Adhocracy
2x Bewitching Oration -- stacks with Adhocracy on vote heavy tables
2x Cryptic Rider -- ensure the important vote cannot be Delayed
2x False Resonance
2x Fata Morgana
1x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x Mirror's Visage
2x Propaganda of the Deed -- cycles easily
3x Smoke and Mirrors
1x Voter Captivation -- so good even the chance of getting it is worth the slot

Action Modifier/Combat (6)
3x Mirror Image
3x Occlusion