Vidor: Aggressive Tactics
Vidor (TX), USA
March 25th 2023
3R+F
15 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10541

-- 2GW8 + 4vp in the final

Deck Name: Fix the Problem at the Source
Description: Arishat + Barons

Thanks to Darby Keeney for feedback and to Ke Carlton, whose Baalicious Barons won the week after an
earlier version of this deck didn't. His vote package helped me rebalance mine.

Round 1: Got hammered early by a Platinum Protocol deck. I only managed Arishat and Elisha. After a
back-oust deal to give me turns to go forward. I grabbed my prey, removed my predator again to head
into the two-player with 1 VP each, but recurred the same Eat the Rich 3 times to win with 3VPs.

Round 2: The table had to oust the weenie Dominate. My predator was at 4 pool, so I gave him space
even though it was Lodin and company. Ghede as my prey was very tenuous. I took almost no forward
actions, then his pool hit 15. I allowed my predator to hit me for 5 pool damage to do 3 to my prey.
Finished Ghede off with votes on my turn. Headed to the three-player with 3 votes decks.
Condemnation: Mute gave me the leverage to win with 4VPs.

Round 3: I managed only 1 VP, but it was the one I needed to make to first place, which was critical
for the seeding in the final. I got to the duel against a pro-Barons vote toolbox, but didn't have
enough firepower to oust it.

Finals: First seed going in.
Me: 4 VP ->
Kelly: weenie Dominate 0 VP ->
Norm: pro-Barons vote-toolbox 1 VP ->
Stefan: g4 Kiasyd bleed 0VP ->
Matt: Gangrel toolbox

The final was done quickly, clocking only 38 minutes. I had Arishat plus Jacques and Atiena in my
crypt. Definitely the B-team. My hand had one vote, a KRC, but was holding Villein and Giant's
Blood. My prey dropped Information Highway. Norm and I work damage in tandem, allowing or votes to
pass. He's crushing his prey and I am doing a bit against mine, but his pool expenditures help.
Norm survives 6 Dominate bleeds, but starts his turn at 3 pool. A Reckless Agitation finishes his
prey and puts significant damage on mine. I've been mostly ignoring my predator because he's taking
tool-up actions and bleeding for 1. My turns comes, I play Reckless Agitation with Arishat, ousting
my prey and damaging my predator. Top-deck another Reckless and pass it 5 on my new prey. Norm
starts at 4 pool. Predator brings out another vampire. With the newly influenced Atiena, I oust
them both on the next turn, taking 4VPs.

Crypt (13 cards, min=24, max=26, avg=6.15)
------------------------------------------
5x Arishat        6  DAI OBF PRE      1 vote  Baali:6
2x Vivian VI      7  PRE PRO obf tha  baron   Follower of Set:6
2x Atiena         6  CEL obf pot pre  baron   Brujah:6
2x Elisha Tucker  6  PRE cel obf pro  baron   Follower of Set:6
2x Jacques Rouge  6  OBF ani pot pre  baron   Nosferatu:6

Library (73 cards)
Master (14; 8 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad
1x Coven, The
1x Creepshow Casino
1x Direct Intervention
1x Ferraille
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum
1x Giant's Blood
5x Villein
2x Wider View

Action (10)
5x Condemnation: Mute
2x Entrancement
3x Unleash Hell's Fury

Ally (1)
1x Veneficti

Political Action (17)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancilla Empowerment
2x Conservative Agitation
1x Domain Challenge
2x Eat the Rich
6x Kine Resources Contested
4x Reckless Agitation

Action Modifier (19)
2x Cloak the Gathering
2x Faceless Night
4x Forgotten Labyrinth
3x Lost in Crowds
3x Perfect Paragon
5x Voter Captivation

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (5)
3x Bait and Switch
2x On the Qui Vive

Combat (5)
5x Majesty