The Rocky Road to Lublin
Lublin, Poland
April 22nd 2023
3R+F
12 players
Nerijus Mikalajunas
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10649

-- 1 VP, 2 VP (GW), 2 VP, 3 VP in the final

In the final round, everyone sat so as to have Nowy's !Gangrels on the back, resulting in the following seating:
Tariq Eats the World (Karolis) -> Aksinya wall (Nowy) -> Samedi combat (ZaraZ) -> Baali (Nerijus) -> Khurshid's Legionnaires (Lech).
Karolis was the first in the final round. Nowy put Montreal into play, and Samedi influenced Angel out in the first round, in order to seize Montreal in the next round, hoping that Nowy's Aksinya would not be out yet. The Baali had already met Samedi in a prey/predator configuration, so they started very cautiously, influencing vampires, but waiting to reveal them. The Legionnaires, on the other hand, started by influencing out.... Anu, who turned out to be the only vampire on the table for the rest of the game due to terrible crypt draw.
Tariq slowly rolled out, and Nowy put the Dreams into play on the second turn, which allowed him to influence Aksinya out right away, so Samedi's elaborate plan with Angel would have been in ruins, if it wasn't for the Pentex Subversion in ZaraZ's hand. In the second round Samedi influenced out a second small vampire, Marie-Pierre, and started pumping Baroque with Montreal.
Montreal went back to Nowy as Marie-Pierre can't block older vampires and !Gangrel's Celeste came out. The cocky Samedi went for Montreal, countered Rotschreck with a Relentless Reaper and sent Celeste into torpor. This turned out to be the window Baali needed and two infernalists entered the table. Tariq ate Celeste and gained CEL. This allowed Nowy to bring out the second Celeste, and Baali started with Unleash DI'd by the Legionnaires and threatening backoust.
Samedi agreed to cut the Baali some slack and the game went downhill for them from there... Legionnaires quickly went down after reckless, Tariq got a point from Baali for Nowy and despite Samedi's verbal gymnastics he refused to be persuaded to go against Baali together, thanks to HL: Retribution it was a swift ending. Then the game's fate was still in balance for a while, because Baali had their hand blocked, but in the end they triumphed.

Deck Name : Satan for President! (Baali vote)

Crypt (12 cards, min=24, max=36, avg=7.33)
------------------------------------------
4x Annazir                  9  DAI OBF POT PRE      2 votes  Baali:5
4x Xeper, Sultan of Lepers  7  OBF PRE ani dai pro           Baali:6
4x Arishat                  6  DAI OBF PRE          1 vote   Baali:6

Library (90 cards)
Master (21; 4 trifle)
2x Archon Investigation
1x Creepshow Casino
4x Dreams of the Sphinx
3x Path of Evil Revelations
2x Path of the Void
5x Tend the Flock
4x Villein

Action (8)
2x Condemnation: Mute
6x Unleash Hell's Fury

Political Action (20)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancilla Empowerment
6x Kine Resources Contested
12x Reckless Agitation

Action Modifier (32)
6x Bewitching Oration
5x Elder Impersonation
5x Forgotten Labyrinth
3x I am Legion
3x Lost in Crowds
2x Veil the Legions
8x Voter Captivation

Combat (8)
8x Majesty

Event (1)
1x Uncoiling, The