Origins - Friday 2
Columbus (OH), USA
June 23rd, 2023
2R+F
32 players
Karl Schaefer
www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10733

-- 2GW7 + 2 vps in the final, won on seeding

Deck Name: Death Star (Setite Version)
Description: Another of my Death Star variants based on Matt Morgan's design.

The deck behaved differently in each game, but did exactly what I needed each time.
Game 1 saw early Waters and a fast RevCo. Being in a 4-player with weenie DEM cross-
table, I had no pressure, which allowed me to setup. Once my predator was ousted, I was
able to oust my prey with a RevCo and call a Con Boon. I had enough pool to withstand
the onslaught and my other RevCo for the game win. Game 2 was much different. I had a
votey prey and had to manage that carefully. He must have felt confident, since I was
offering little pressure other than bleeds for 1. He dropped to 9 pool and I had a Reckless
Ag and Eat the Rich for an oust. The following turn I offered a heads-up deal with my
cross-table for his single vote and ousted his predator while damaging his prey. I allowed
him to oust his prey without interference and proceeded to oust him the turn after. The
deal wasn't necessary given that my predator lacked any vote cards to sway the outcome
of the vote, but it was the safest move.

Bill: weenie DEM 1 VP ->
Brad: vote something (ousted too fast to know) 0 VP ->
Norm: g6 Nos w/Protected District 0 VP ->
Me: 2 VP ->
Kelly: Malk 2020 2 VP

As first seed, I decided to sit as predator to the doubled-up bleed decks. I hoped that Bill
would take one and then be ousted, giving me the ability to win by being the last-man
standing. Things almost didn't go as planned. Bill blew Brad off the table in 17 minutes.
Norm proved harder to oust with his reduction and I called a Con Boon backwards to help him,
wanting it to pass by only 2, so I could gain pool, but not blood, as Qufur had self-
Tempted. That 2 pool proved to be the difference. Bill missed his second oust by 2 pool,
but Kelly was faster than I had expected. He bled through both Bill and Norm in a single
turn. The Reckless Ag I had been holding was now useless. Fortunately, I had just drawn
my first master of the game, The Barrens, and discarded that Reckless. I saw my KRC
voted down early and never called another damaging vote. I was basically a horde bleed
deck. At 20 pool going into the heads up and Kelly was at 22. I bleed a bunch and made
Saatet-Ta, who immediately boosted the next bleed. I see both Spying Missions, which I
uses on Qufur and Count Ormonde. Kelly bleeds me down to 9, stymied somewhat by my
desire to not block. I fire off more bleeds the next turn and finish with a Con Boon to end
at 16. He gets me down to 5, but had less pool than I have minions, so game over. A
Tempted Waters with 1 blood and Qufur with 1 blood gave me free extra actions for
moving through the deck, like calling Con Boon, etc. I was lucky to see all of my Boons,
which made up for not seeing my first master until the heads-up.

CrimethInc. was great today. Saw it in round 1 and the final and was able to get it into
play both times. The extra unlocks even for a pool were well worth it when I needed them.
It's worth the card slot, being an easy discard or a powerful effect. On top of that, self-
Temptations, and Firebrands, this deck can make lots of actions. Knowing what to do
with those actions is critical.


Crypt (12 cards, min=4 max=25 avg=3.67)
1x Qufur am-Heru 7 OBF PRE SER cel tha Ministry:2
1x Ezekiel, Lord of Montreal 6 PRE SER obf pot Ministry:3
1x Hesha Ruhadze 6 SER ani obf pre Ministry:2
1x Samat Ramal-Ra, Archon 6 OBF pre ser tha Ministry:2
1x Count Ormonde 5 OBF dom pre ser Ministry:2
1x Sir Marriot D'Urban 5 PRE aus obf ser Ministry:2
1x Elizabeth Dimitros 4 SER obf Ministry:3
5x Anarch Convert 1 Caitiff:ANY

Library (78 cards)
Master (16; 4 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad
1x Archon Investigation
1x Barrens, The
2x Blood Doll
1x Coven, The
1x Fear of Mekhet
1x Ferraille
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum
3x Obfuscate
1x Opium Den
3x Villein

Action (19)
2x Entrancement
1x Fee Stake: Boston
1x Fee Stake: Corte
1x Fee Stake: Los Angeles
1x Fee Stake: New York
1x Fee Stake: Perth
1x Fee Stake: Seattle
4x Temptation
7x Waters of Duat

Ally (1)
1x Saatet-ta

Political Action (15)
4x Consanguineous Boon
1x Domain Challenge
2x Eat the Rich
1x Exclusion Principle
2x Firebrand
1x Kine Resources Contested
2x Reckless Agitation
2x Revolutionary Council

Action Modifier (23)
2x Bewitching Oration
1x CrimethInc.
2x Cryptic Rider
3x Elder Impersonation
3x Faceless Night
2x Lost in Crowds
2x Memory Rift
3x Perfect Paragon
2x Spying Mission
3x Voter Captivation

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Event (2)
2x Uncoiling, The