Origins - Sunday
Columbus (OH), USA
June 25th 2023
2R+F
27 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10734

-- 2GW6 + 3vp in final

Deck Name: Shambling into the Void v2
Description: Shambling Hordes and Emerald Legionnaires
Some changes from the last time that I won with this deck. Darby Keeney provided some
comments for more of a mix in masters and in "stealth." The new version flows just as
well, removing the unnecessary Heart of Nizchetus (the deck is so small it's not required)
and the excess Dreams for focus on more survivability. Charisma is free Legionnaires and
with Perfectionist effectively free Hordes. That's powerful. Mylan was the workhorse
today, allowing me to recruit both a Horde and a Legionnaire in the same round twice and
bleeding to setup the oust in an early round.

I was second seed, so did not have final choice. I decided to stack the vote decks in
hopes that would cause contention and sit as Mark's prey because his deck was a slow-
building one.

Me: 3vp ->
Elan: g1/2 Nos with Fortitude 1vp ->
Kelly: Capuchin wall 0vp ->
Norm: g6 Brujah toolbox 1vp ->
Mark: Black Hand swarm 0VP

Instead of going directly for Angelique, which is my usual strategy, I brought Pearl up with
my first full set of transfers. I had Carlton in hand and wanted him early to help block
Reunion Kamuts and decrease Mark's speed. While it was the right move, it proved
unnecessary as Norm wanted to block all of Mark's actions. I allowed it and Mark was
severely hampered. Norm passed a Poison-Pilled, Reckless Ag to do 5 pool damage to
his prey and was dropping Anarch Revolts in play. A Monkey Wrench finally got Mark,
leaving us in a 4-player game with Kelly at 5 pool.

Kelly attempts to make an Anarch, which gets blocked, leaving him susceptible to the
Revolts on his next turn. My prey is also taking Revolt damage, but I had managed to
make Angelique an Anarch (thank you Pentex); nothing like putting all your eggs in one
basket. Kelly gets ousted.

The 3-player devolves quickly as I have Hordes rush a Famed Lucretia, ousting with
Fame- and Revolt-damage.

In the heads-up, Norm's vampires are all two blood and less. I send Hordes to rush them.
Over two turns, I manage to dunk all of his vampires. I end my turn and let his own
Revolts oust him.

This is a deck that likes to hard-recruit Legionnaires, I expect to get a lot out of them
because the Hordes can protect them. In game 1, when I had been in torpor most of the
game, I recycled 3. In game 2, I recycled 2. I only recycled 1 on the finals, but held onto
both of them the entire game.

Crypt (13 cards, min=15, max=36, avg=6.46)
------------------------------------------
5x Angelique        9  AUS FOR NEC SER THA  Harbinger of Skulls:6
2x Hecate           6  AUS FOR NEC          Harbinger of Skulls:5
2x La Viuda Blanca  6  AUS NEC for obf      Harbinger of Skulls:6
1x America Johnson  4  AUS vic              Tzimisce:5
1x Pearl            4  AUS obf              Malkavian antitribu:5
1x Tyler McGill     4  AUS pre              Toreador:5
1x Veejay Vinod     3  AUS                  Nagaraja:6

Library (73 cards)
Master (15; 3 trifle)
1x Anarch Troublemaker
2x Blood Doll
1x Charisma
1x Direct Intervention
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Fame
1x Mob Connections
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
2x Perfectionist
2x Villein
1x Wider View

Ally (20)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
7x Emerald Legionnaire
1x Mylan Horseed
11x Shambling Hordes

Action Modifier (8)
2x Acheron Vortex
4x Call of the Hungry Dead
2x Trochomancy

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Breath of Thanatos

Action Modifier/Reaction (4)
4x Spectral Divination

Reaction (14)
3x Eyes of Argus
2x Funeral Wake
3x My Enemy's Enemy
3x On the Qui Vive
3x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (5)
2x Fake Out
2x Target Vitals
1x Trap

Event (4)
1x Dragonbound
1x FBI Special Affairs Division
2x Unmasking, The