Body of Sun 2
Paris, France
September 23rd 2023
3R+F
19 players
Jorge Delgado
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/10891

Deck Name: Gang of fur
Description:
Based on multiple iterations of Stanislava decks, nothing original. Credit goes to Martin Weinmayer who served as inspiration for this deck.
Pretty happy with the deck overall would maybe try and find place for 1 more Hartmut Stover and remove 1 Parity Shift for 1 Banishment.

So why this unoriginal deck? In the last months we have had big discussions in our parisian playgroup about the ongoing debate about Ashur Tablets, MMPA and Emerald Legionnaires being too powerful. I have always stated that I am against the nerfs because other decks make better or equal results in the current meta (maybe EL needs to be reviewed with caution, definately not AT or MMPA in my opinion, still against a nerf on EL).

I set myself the challenge to try and play less AT and play other decks that I think are strong or I simply like. The result has been 5 finals in the last year with decks without AT (Weenie AUS, Shambling, Khazar, Carna and Stanislava) and 2 tournament wins (Carna & Stanislava). I have to say that it feels much more powerful to play Stanislava than to play Girls in most of the tables and I generally have better results playing without than with AT.

During this tournament I did the following results: 0 VPs in the first table (Axel was playing a Ministry S&B with tons of pool gain, I was bleeding all the time and got him down to 5 pool during the duel); 5 VPs in the second table; 4 VPs in the third table (4-player table). Total of 2 GW 9 VPs in the preliminary rounds with 2 4-player tables.

The seating in the finals was: Axel (Ministry S&B pool gain) > Vincent (Maila Tap&Bleed) > Guilhem (Edward Vignes & friends) > David (Banu Haqim Bruise&Bleed). I took the bold decision to sit behind Axel, although I didn't manage to oust him during the first round. My idea was to convince the Banu to let me put pressure on Axel (and do nothing behind, not even bounce his bleeds), so that he had a chance to oust me but avoid Axel winning the finals. Axel and David were ousted, then I gave a chance to Vincent to get his VP and when I saw that it was complicated and I was risking getting ousted myself I lunged for the 2 remaining VPs. So the end result was 4 VPs in the finals.

Stanislava is definately strong.


Crypt (12 cards, min=36, max=44, avg=10.08)
-------------------------------------------
5x Stanislava      11  ANI CEL DOM FOR PRO          inner circle  Gangrel:2
2x Xaviar (ADV)    10  ABO ANI FOR PRO aus cel pot  justicar      Gangrel:3
2x Ingrid Rossler   9  ANI FOR PRO dom              prince        Gangrel:2
1x Genevieve       10  ANI FOR PRO aus dom          priscus       Gangrel antitribu:2
1x Hartmut Stover  10  CEL OBF PRO dom for          archbishop    Gangrel antitribu:3  -- amazing special, during the 1st round made me win 7 pool! thinking about getting someone out to double Hartmut.
1x Mark Decker      8  CEL PRO ani for obf pot      prince        Gangrel:3

Library (80 cards)
Master (22; 8 trifle)
1x Backways
1x Coven, The
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
2x Information Highway
1x Monastery of Shadows
1x Perfectionist
6x Villein
1x Wider View
6x Zillah's Valley

Action (7)
7x Govern the Unaligned

Equipment (1)
1x Seal of Veddartha

Political Action (10)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancient Influence
1x Ancilla Empowerment
3x Banishment
3x Parity Shift -- probably should remove 1 Parity Shift to add 1 more Banishment. Overall Banishments are generally more useful.
1x Reins of Power

Action Modifier (18)
3x Conditioning
6x Earth Control
1x Enkil Cog
4x Forced March
4x Instantaneous Transformation

Action Modifier/Combat (1)
1x Rapid Change

Action Modifier/Reaction (1)
1x Murmur of the False Will

Reaction (9)
6x Deflection
3x Sense the Savage Way

Combat (11)
5x Earth Meld
6x Form of Mist