Week of Nightmares - Week 1
Newark (OH), USA
June 16th 2024
2R+F
38 players
Alex Romano
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11227


Deck Name: Mt. Diablo
Description: I don't think this is necessarily anything revolutionary here but there definitely could be some tweaks to this version. First and foremost the new grouping can probably do this a little better and you get access to obfuscate(obviously). I went with this grouping simply because I prefer to have the flexibility of sensory depravation, but all and all I only played it once at this entire tournament and discarded it constantly, so probably better off just ditching it all together. Secondly, Hilariously I have Mantle of the Moon in here instead of strange day which is categorically better in every way, I just completely biffed that one, even though it did help me get a massive VP at the final table.The final was a little weird and I squeaked in with 1 GW and 4 VP's the seating was as follows:

Tero Aalto (Malgorzata) >
Mark Loughman (Black Hand) >
Erik Albenze (G2-G3 Tzimice War Ghouls) >
Alex Romano (Clown Car) >
Logan Cozad (V5 Brujah Bleed)

Super important for me to win as the 5 seed was Tero not getting Malgorzata in his opening crypt and then also going first. Obviously he was turns behind and Logan came out of the gate really strong and had him low on pool early. I was able to make a lunge and get Logan having to make a few deals along the way as I didn't have many Laibon Ravnos in play early. I
was able to lunge and get Logan early on and Tero had just started working on Lord Tremere, so I had to stay off his back for a few turns due to our deal. I was pretty low on pool and Erik wasn't able to get me before I was able to lunge and get Tero as well(after 2-3 turns of trying) with an unblockable Kine Resources Contested. Mark then got Erik and it came down to the two of us. He luckily didn't have the Ministry to block me and I had cancelled his Carlton with a direct intervention the turn before, so I was able to pull off a lot of top decking magic and get his last 9 or so pool with KRC's. A great tournament and thanks as always to everyone involved!

Deck Name: Mt. Diablo

Crypt (12 cards, min=14, max=24, avg=4.83)
------------------------------------------
4x Tsunda           6  CHI abo ani dem  magaji  Ravnos:4
1x Ganesh           6  CHI DEM FOR              Ravnos:5
1x Callirus         5  CHI FOR ani              Ravnos:4
1x Irena            5  CHI ani for pre          Ravnos:5
1x Brian Thompson   4  ani chi for              Ravnos:4
1x Devyn            4  ani chi pre              Ravnos:4
1x Gharston Roland  4  CHI ani pot              Ravnos:4
1x Marion French    3  ani chi                  Ravnos:4
1x Neel Ramanathan  3  ani for                  Ravnos:4

Library (74 cards)
Master (12; 1 trifle)
1x Archon Investigation
1x Coven, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fortune Teller Shop
1x Park Hunting Ground
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
4x Ravnos Carnival
2x Week of Nightmares

Action (23)
4x Embrace, The
8x Mozambique Allure
3x Sensory Deprivation
8x Tumnimos

Equipment (1)
1x Treasured Samadji

Political Action (18)
8x Consanguineous Boon
1x Disputed Territory
1x Kindred Segregation
8x Kine Resources Contested

Action Modifier (3)
2x Fata Morgana
1x Mantle of the Moon

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Occlusion

Action Modifier/Reaction (14)
14x Eldest Are Kholo, The

Event (1)
1x Uncoiling, The