Week of Nightmares - Event 6
Columbus (OH), USA
June 19th 2024
2R+F
40 players
Alex Romano
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11232

Deck Name: Little Lion Man

This deck is just so much fun to play. It certainly can be more blocky or more bouncy but car churns like you wouldn't believe and lets you build slow or survive depending on the table. I got a sweep in one of the prelims and made final as the 3 seed with 1GW5. The final was as follows:

Brian Moritz (Gargoyle Tremere anti toolbox) >
Jamie Coombs (Big Lasombra group 2-3 vote) >
Me(Black hand power bleed) >
Norman Brown (Presence princes bleed and vote) >
Marko Saari (the unnamed)

Early on Jamie was able to smack me with a few votes and I got zero vampires with big auspex in my opening crypt so I wasn't able to bounce bleeds until I got Gerald way later on. I did have Carmen early and was able to get the Heart on turn 2 or 3 with a magic of the smith. Due to this I was forced to play a long game being low on pool. My villeins and vessels were used purely to empty my Vamps and just survive for quite a while waiting for the reunion kamut's to come up so I could either make pool or work on vampires in my uncontrolled. Norm was able to broker a deal with Jamie to help keep up some cross table vote pressure on Marko shortly before Marko was able to finish Brian and Norm got them both in successive turns. It was at this point that I was able to gain a small amount of pool via a villein of a full new Gerald and then start figuring out my lunge. Norm was around 20ish pool. So with British Museum I was able to get the Guarded Rubrics and the Codex of Edenics Groudskeepers in play all in one turn and launch a lot of pool damage at him. Between Heidelburg, Tattoo Signal and Seraphs Second you have a lot of flexibility to bleed multiple times with this deck. I think I got Norm down pretty low and then he wasn't able to get Jamie as Jamie was at like 10-12 pool. Next time around I got Norm and then Jamie with a thrilling game coming to a close with just a one minute and thirty seconds on the clock and needing the last VP as Norm was higher seed. The recursion may not seem neccesary with Ashurs but it allows to have multiple turns where you are bleeding for over 20. My last Ashur fire was with just a turn or two left and all I got from it was 3 seraphs seconds and 3 Mirror walks to guarantee Norm couldn't block me and cycle cards. An awesome final and a ton of fun, and thanks as always to all involved.

PS: Ambrosio Luis Monçada got Pentexed on turn 3 in this game, so you knew it was going to have to a wild one lol.

Deck Name: Little Lion Man

Crypt (12 cards, min=15, max=28, avg=5.33)
------------------------------------------
2x Djuhah, The Bronze Bow  7  OBF QUI aus cel pre  Assamite:5
2x Carmen                  5  THA aus dom          Tremere antitribu:5
2x Nicomedes               5  aus for nec vic      Harbinger of Skulls:4
1x Ash Harrison            7  AUS THA cel dom      Tremere antitribu:5
1x Gerald FitzGerald       7  AUS DOM THA          Tremere antitribu:5
1x Sennadurek              6  AUS NEC dom          Nagaraja:4
1x Mosfair                 4  cel dom tha          Tremere antitribu:4
1x Rashid Stockton         4  cel obf vic          Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Claudia                 2  obt                  Lasombra:5

Library (90 cards)
Master (28; 6 trifle)
1x Anarch Troublemaker
1x Archon Investigation
6x Ashur Tablets
2x British Museum, London, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fortschritt Library
1x Giant's Blood
1x Guardian Angel
1x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
3x Parthenon, The
2x Remover
3x Vessel
3x Villein
1x Watchtower: The Wolves Feed
1x Weeping Stone

Action (20)
1x Black Hand Emissary
1x Black Hand Ritual
3x Magic of the Smith
5x Recruitment Exercise
8x Reunion Kamut
2x Tattoo Signal

Ally (1)
1x Carlton Van Wyk

Equipment (14)
2x .44 Magnum
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Codex of the Edenic Groundskeepers
1x Gran Madre di Dio, Italy
1x Guarded Rubrics
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Ivory Bow
1x Kevlar Vest
1x Leather Jacket
1x Ritual Goblet
1x Ruins of Ceoris
1x Signet of King Saul, The
1x Sniper Rifle

Action Modifier (8)
4x Mirror Walk
4x Seraph's Second

Reaction (14)
2x Deflection
2x Eyes of Argus
4x Ministry
2x On the Qui Vive
4x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (3)
1x Concealed Weapon
2x Taste of Vitae

Event (2)
1x NRA PAC
1x Thirst