Fire Dance
Lafayette (LA), USA
March 8th 2024
2R+F
15 players
Kelly Lyons
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11288

Deck Name: Water Dog - Dust Your Pants Off
Author: Kelly Lyons and Norm Brown
Description: Fire Dance

This deck starts with Norm Brown. The definition of Lafayette is combat. Lafayette literally means kill vampires. I faced Norm's Rail Baron's v2 Deck at the final table of Vidor: Taste of Vitae two years ago. Norm loves the fist and I love the paw. So, I thought I would leave the country and go to the city and build a Norm deck but, with my own flair and style. Norm relies on ILLEGALISM to promote combat and bleed. I just kill the biggest threat at the table. Conceding VPs is no problem for me. I learned from the best.

My deck is centered around the best anarch combat card in the game (in my opinion) DUST UP. I placed 21 of those bad boys in my deck. I chose actions to enter combat and to invite combat (Chameleon, Show of Force and Reckless Agitation). Kill three vampires to the right. Kill three vampires to the far right (if necessary). Kill three vampires to the left. Get plus bleeds from New Carthage and Club Illusion. Move on down the line.

FINAL TABLE: 1.) Sid - Malkavian Bleed 2.) Ian - Ravnos Ian Style 3.) Me - Brujah Combat 4.) Devin - Nosferatu Combat 5.) Chance - Ministry Bleed. The advantage of picking your seat last is just so strong. Doesn't mean you'll win but the odds are forever in your favor. With two bleed decks at the table I needed a meat shield to give me time to back oust. I'm sorry Ian. Sacrifices have to be made. So, I put myself between Ian and Devin. Devin actually had a better combat deck than me. We faced each other in an earlier round and time ran out on Devin (I got that table). Devin and I had an understanding to kill the bleeders and let the strong survive then have a battle like the olden days. I figured Sid would get Ian no matter how much pressure I put on him.  After Sid was gone I hit Chance a few times. Chance hates Chameleon. He had to block. I smiled. Found an opening on Devin and took my shot. Got the table.

Thanks to Norm Brown for hosting. Congrats to my Vidor Vampires. Three Vidorians at the final table. This would happen again the very next day. I got a good young strong group of players.

Crypt (12 cards, min=21, max=31, avg=6.58)
------------------------------------------
2x Saku Pihlajamäki    8  CEL POT PRE for pro  baron  Brujah:6
2x Aline Gädeke        7  POT PRE cel          baron  Brujah:6
2x Valeriya Zinovieva  7  POT cel pre pro      baron  Brujah:6
2x Atiena              6  CEL obf pot pre      baron  Brujah:6
2x Leumeah             6  PRE cel for pot      baron  Brujah:6
1x Theo Bell           8  CEL POT PRE aus dom         Brujah:6
1x Ariane              3  cel pot pre                 Brujah:5

Library (90 cards)
Master (17; 6 trifle)
1x Carfax Abbey
1x Club Illusion
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Fame
1x Giant's Blood
2x Haven Uncovered
2x New Carthage
1x Papillon
6x Villein

Action (13)
3x Chameleon
4x Line Brawl
4x Make the Misere
2x Show of Force

Political Action (2)
2x Reckless Agitation

Action Modifier (2)
2x Zephyr

Reaction (15)
4x Bait and Switch
3x On the Qui Vive
5x Organized Resistance
3x Protection Racket

Combat (41)
7x Bollix
21x Dust Up
4x Immortal Grapple
2x Psyche!
3x Pursuit
4x Taste of Vitae