A Carnival of Carnage
Pasig City, Philippines
April 13th 2024
2R+F
10 players
Joscar Gamaliel Malacaman
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11400

-- 2GW8 + 4vp in final

Deck Name: Fire in the Belly Encore (Magic in the Valley)
Description:
It was the week before the tournament when Mikey Ferguson messaged me about my Fire in the Belly deck that helped me win the February Tournament in the Philippines. Incidentally, I have been making tweaks to it so the discussion about the deck was most welcome. The most important change is adding a Magic of the Smith Toolbox in order to fetch an early Heart of Nizchetus to improve consistency and also to fetch relevant pieces of equipment later on in the game.

And thus, Fire in the Belly Encore (Magic in the Valley) was born. It was only fitting to bring out this deck that weekend as the it was certain that Le Sserafim would be performing Fire in the Belly at Coachella that day. So I decided to bring my own magic to the (Zillah's) valley and burn the stage so to speak.

The deck worked a lot smoother than before with Graverobbing doing a lot of work during this month's tournament. I even ended one game with one vampire from 3 out of the 4 other methuselahs.

The Auspex Package allowed me to play the role of table police for most games. Preventing ousts and disabling threats. This primed tables for big lunges earning me 3 VP and 5VP from the two preliminary rounds respectively.

This allowed me to seat myself away from potential blockers in the final with Malgorzata doing heavy work allowing me to bloat and establish a strong board early on. This snowballed into a 4VP win for me in the finals with only Cien (Harmut Stover Stealth Bleed) being able to score a VP for ousting my then predator.

Crypt (12 cards, min=36, max=44, avg=10.17)
-------------------------------------------
5x Malgorzata         9  AUS DOM THA VIC pre      priscus       Tremere antitribu:4
3x Lord Tremere      11  ANI AUS DOM THA VIC obe                Tremere:5
3x Mistress Fanchon  11  AUS CEL DOM OBF THA VIC  inner circle  Tremere:4
1x Dracon, The       11  ANI AUS POT THA VIC                    Tzimisce:5

Library (88 cards)
Master (21; 6 trifle)
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
1x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
2x Information Highway
1x Monastery of Shadows
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
2x Rack, The
1x University Hunting Ground
6x Villein
5x Zillah's Valley

Action (7)
4x Graverobbing
3x Magic of the Smith

Equipment (6)
1x Ankara Citadel, Turkey, The
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Helicopter
1x Ivory Bow
1x Kevlar Vest

Action Modifier (8)
4x Changeling
4x Mirror Walk

Reaction (22)
4x Deflection
4x Eagle's Sight
4x Enhanced Senses
4x Eyes of Argus
2x Forced Awakening
2x On the Qui Vive
2x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (24)
3x Blood Rage
5x Breath of the Dragon
10x Chiropteran Marauder
4x Rego Motum
2x Telepathic Tracking