Powerbase: Bielsko-Biała
Bielsko-Biała, Poland
June 29th 2024
3R+F
16 players
Martin Weinmayer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11457

-- 3GW10 + 4vp in final

Deck name: Back to table hate

Final Seating:
Anarch Gangrel Toolbox (Pawel Domanski) 3rd seed ->
Nephandus swarm (Martin Weinmayer) 2nd seed ->
Ravnos/Ministry Platinum (Richard Stefan Utner) 5th seed ->
Brujah Anarch Revolt (Alexander Roman) 4th seed
Ministry Bleed (Michal Misztal) Topseed

Surprisingly, I was able to choose bleed deck prey and gangrel anarch predator, the same positions as in the final table in the Czech Republic two weeks prior.

In Brno, I lost the final as topseed, falling about 5 minutes short on time. In this final in Bielsko-Biala, I faced one more bleed deck rather than another nephandus deck contesting me. So I was much more confident about winning this time.

As expected, my bleed prey would advance, putting significant pressure on the brujah deck. My gangrel anarch predator got sandwiched between his ministry predator and my nephandi.

Unfortunately, my prey got two entrancements on my first two nephandi, slowing me down significantly and making a 3vp play from him a real threat. I increased the pressure on my gangrel predator so that I could back oust and prevent my prey from getting his 3vp if I needed to.

After the brujah was defeated by my prey, my prey and predator had a game-changing discussion about double DI my bounces on a bleed of 5 from the ministry deck. They couldn't agree on the terms, though, because the double DI would likely result in my prey receiving the 3vp. Instead, I was able to survive and defeat my prey in the next turn.
The ministry eventually failed to oust the gangrel anarch, falling to my nephandus swarm the following turn, and the gangrel deck had no chance against the mage army in the headsup.
Many thanks to Michał Misztall for organising the tournament. We felt very welcome in the southern part of Poland, as this was our first visit. The large gaming store where we played was an excellent location. The staff were also extremely friendly and helpful. We had a wonderful lunch in the city centre and a pleasant conversation with the other players. A special thanks to our Slovakian friend from Bratislava, Alexander Mandrichenko, for joining us on this little adventure in Poland!

Crypt (12 cards, min=14, max=25, avg=4.92)
------------------------------------------
5x Antonio d'Erlette         5  THA dom for pot              Tremere antitribu:4
1x Ladislas Toth, The Torch  7  AUS DOM THA for  archbishop  Tremere antitribu:3
1x Elena Mendoza Vasquez     6  AUS THA dom obt              Tremere antitribu:3
1x Selena                    6  AUS DOM THA                  Tremere antitribu:3
1x Yasmin the Black          6  AUS THA dom pre              Tremere antitribu:3
1x Ember Wright              3  aus dom                      Tremere antitribu:3
1x Lectora                   3  aus tha                      Tremere antitribu:4
1x Martin Franckel           3  AUS tha                      Tremere:3

Library (90 cards)
Master (34)
12x Ashur Tablets
2x Direct Intervention
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Infernal Pact
2x Jake Washington
6x Liquidation
6x Parthenon, The
2x Shard, London, The

Action (2)
2x Magic of the Smith

Ally (10)
10x Nephandus

Equipment (3)
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Sniper Rifle

Action Modifier (10)
2x Conditioning
8x Mirror Walk

Reaction (27)
6x Deflection
2x Delaying Tactics
6x Eyes of Argus
1x My Enemy's Enemy
6x On the Qui Vive
6x Telepathic Misdirection

Event (4)
1x FBI Special Affairs Division
3x Unmasking, The