French NC 2024
Lyon, France
October 19th 2024
3R+F
50 players
Vincent Ripoll
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11754

-- 2GW8 + 1.5 in final

Deck Name: Baron Protean
Author: Ankha
Description: This deck is heavily inspired by Simo Tiippana's "Garou Rim: Foreshadowing Destruction" deck (TWD 11456) but I tweaked it a lot, removing the "bad" 8-cap barons to include smaller PRO vampire and reworking the master module.
I doubled all the key cards (so that the only copy doesn't end up in the bottom of the deck): Carfax (blood is crucial), Garibaldi (recursion is strong), and Club Illusion (because we need it to oust!). I played the deck at the EC, and noticed that the cardflow could be problematic, so I added two Heart of Nizchetus and a Powerbase: Los Angeles.
I didn't put The Uncoiling, but Scourge is really a pain in the a**, so it could be included somehow.
The Dark Influences completely screwed my predator during the final (by preventing him from getting a Renegade Garou with his 2-cap before any baron was out to block) and other predators during other rounds playing Immortal Grapple or whatever.
The Erciyes Fragments was a last-minute addition, allowing me to oust to preys with their own bleed cards, but also to retrieve Carrion Crows during the final to fight against the Renegade Garous. The Discipline spread is so wide that you can almost play any card.

Crypt (12 cards, min=17, max=29, avg=5.92)
------------------------------------------
1x Sergio Bueno        8  OBF PRE PRO aus pot  baron  Follower of Set:6
1x Ángel Guerrero      7  ANI DOM PRO          baron  Tzimisce:6
1x Massimiliano        7  ANI FOR pro          baron  Gangrel:6
1x Valeriya Zinovieva  7  POT cel pre pro      baron  Brujah:6
1x Vivian VI           7  PRE PRO obf tha      baron  Follower of Set:6
1x Branimira           6  ANI dom pre pro      baron  Tzimisce:6
1x Casey Snyder        6  PRO ani cel for      baron  Gangrel:6
1x Elisha Tucker       6  PRE cel obf pro      baron  Follower of Set:6
1x Kuyén               6  ANI PRO              baron  Gangrel:6
1x Kamile Paukstys     5  PRO ani for                 Gangrel:6
1x Indira              3  PRO                         Gangrel:6
1x Joseph Fischer      3  PRO                         Gangrel antitribu:5

Library (90 cards)
Master (27; 6 trifle)
1x Anarch Free Press, The
1x Anarch Troublemaker -- to burn any annoying weapon (Sniper, Ivory Bow) or to deliver the final blow
2x Carfax Abbey -- "The blood is the life!"
2x Club Illusion -- plan A for ousting
1x Dark Influences -- a great defensive card
1x Erciyes Fragments, The -- a last-minute addition, allowed me to oust to preys with their own bleed cards
2x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum -- as usual, gets back the bounce or intercept, or the killing votes
1x Papillon -- "The blood is the life!"
1x Poacher's Hunting Ground -- more blood, or if someone has already a Papillon or Carfax out
1x Powerbase: Los Angeles -- required to cycle more
6x Protean -- we don't need 8 of them for the 8 Childe, as we never play them all. Can be used on some barons to give them PRO
1x Rötschreck -- nice ot have, but not crucial at all
1x Tribute to the Master -- never drawn at the right time
6x Villein -- probably better than Vessel / Blood Doll, allows to get more vampires out, and I rely on the HG to regain blood

Action (10)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal -- to contest, always useful anyway
8x Childe of the Revolution -- bleed or Revolutionary fodder
1x Constant Revolution -- I removed it, then put it back because it's a great end-game card (before, it's just fun, no need to defend it)

Equipment (2)
2x Heart of Nizchetus

Political Action (2)
1x Eat the Rich -- easy to call, recursive with Garibaldi
1x Revolutionary Council -- endgame oust and/or threat removal (Ivory Bow or strong locations)

Action Modifier (6)
4x Earth Control
2x Monkey Wrench -- for the surprise bleed boost, recursive

Action Modifier/Reaction (4)
4x Form of the Bat

Reaction (25)
6x Bait and Switch
1x Delaying Tactics -- I added it for the EC, never used
16x Organized Resistance -- spam! spam! spam!
2x Protection Racket

Combat (14)
6x Donnybrook -- agg threat is efficient (can be retrieved with Garibaldi)
8x Earth Meld