Till Dawn de Encerramento
Sao Joao de Meriti (RJ), Brazil
November 1st 2024
3R+F
10 players
Alanmut Bastos
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11840

Last Friday, tem players gathered to play the last Till Dawn tournament of the year at Powerbase São João de Meriti.

We started at 10pm and ended the final at 6am on Saturday morning and here's my first highlight for Reginaldo who left the tournament and went straight to work! And he works selling mattresses, so imagine the scene of the elderly creature, turned over, a bunch of beds around him, keeping a smile on his face and resisting working hours!

The meta was out of this world! We had mill deck Capuchin/Slaughterhouse, Tzimisce V5 full bleed/Living Manse, Nephandus/Piper, Kemintiri Vote/Bleed, Lazverinus/Rush, Ministry/Rekless among others.
The game in Baixada RJ is for real!

Highlights include the usual hot dogs, anyone who comes to play in São João knows that the food is worth the price of admission, promos, decks and exclusive material are extras!

After 3 rounds the final was composed like this:

Itamar Capuchin/Slaughterhoiuse
Alanmut Bastos Assamita/Bleed&Combat
Felipe de Carvalho Goncalves Kemintiri/Vote
Reginaldo Oliveira Assamita Bleed/vote
Jonathan da Silva Goudard Tzimisce/Bleed

I have 5 Capuchin in the deck, 8 slaughterhouse, in the three rounds before final crypt and hand came out perfect and what happened in the final? Didn't see Capuchin, I called from the crypt - twice and he didn't come! Jonathan's witchcraft of not cutting the deck and crypt worked and I participated in the final as a privileged observer!

Without a predator, Alanmut deck shone, managing to take out Felipe without any problems.
Reginaldo tried to be aggressive with Jonathan, but my bad luck favored him too and he soon removed me from the table.
At that time Alanmut was already stronger than everyone, showing that the southeast regional champion must be respected, taking the rest of the table and the 30-year deck as the tournament's prize!

Last till dawn Reginaldo was champion and this Friday Alanmut came and took it. Congratulations Alanmut, always reinforcing the power of the Assamites/Banu Haquin, thanks to Edson Machado and Nilton Cruz and now I want to see Powerbase Vilar dos Teles grow again! Thanks Andre Luiz, for the usual prestige and the crazy Reginaldo Oliveira!

To the powerbase players Ronald Fenandes, Felipe de Carvalho, Matheus Alves and Jonathan, we have to resume growth, let's increase these numbers!

Thanks guys, I'm looking forward to the tournament at Carioca Shopping on December/01!

Deck Name: The khabar do mercúrio

Crypt (12 cards, min=15, max=24, avg=4.83)
------------------------------------------
3x Victoria Ash                        6  PRE aus cel dom            Toreador:7
2x Asmin Kobane                        5  CEL dom obf tha            Assamite:6
2x Greg Mazouni                        4  cel obf tha                Assamite:6
1x Kalinda                             6  CEL OBF tha      primogen  Assamite:6
1x Warmaksan                           5  THA cel obf      prince    Assamite:6
1x Mateusz Kazimirski, Biker of Blood  4  CEL qui                    Assamite:6
1x Nayarana                            4  THA cel                    Assamite:6
1x Bijou                               3  cel tha                    Assamite:6

Library (87 cards)
Master (19; 5 trifle)
1x Alamut
1x Archon Investigation
1x Black Throne, The
1x Blood Doll
3x Haqim's Law: Retribution
3x Information Highway
3x Khabar: Community, The
2x Priority Contract
1x Underworld Hunting Ground
1x Vessel
2x Wider View

Action (18)
7x Haqim's Law: Leadership
5x Khabar: Glory
6x Web of Knives Recruit

Political Action (6)
1x Banu Haqim Justicar
5x Consanguineous Boon

Reaction (11)
3x Delaying Tactics
5x Nest of Eagles
3x Poison Pill

Combat (30)
6x Flash
10x Mercury's Arrow
4x Pursuit
10x Target Vitals

Event (3)
1x Blood Weakens
1x Narrow Minds
1x Port Authority