Elder Impersonation
Ephrata (PA), USA
January 19th 2025
2R+F
10 players
Alex Romano
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11918

Deck Name: Blue Eyed Boy
Author: Alex Romano
Description: This Deck is a ton of fun to play, but certainly isn't optimized. Papillon, while a super powerful card is always an auto discard I've discovered. Another question mark card for me is Revolutionary Council, in theory it should be really good here since I make so many minions and would be devastating, but I just always seem to discard it and then don't get it back when my Ashur's fire. The final was seated as follows:

Albert(G5-G6 Malk Stealth Bleed)-->
Will(G1-G2 Malk Stealth Bleed)-->
Erik(Brunhilde/Valkyries)-->
Karl(Victor Pelletier and friends vote)-->
Me(Brujah Debate)

I went in as the first seed and I chose to sit in front of Karl because I had seen his deck multiple times on the day and knew fairly well how I interacted with it. As much as I hate sitting in front of Karl I felt this was the only seat I had that could lead to a victory. My gameplan was to just let the stealth bleed decks fight over those two VP's on their side of the table and then hopefully be set up enough by time it got down to three players to play table control. Luckily, It played out almost exactly like that, even though the setup took me a bit longer as I got hit with an early KRC and Camarilla's Iron Fist and Karl had taken the lead in the first Ashur Tablets race. Luckily for me, Will was not able to get through Erik very quickly thanks to an early Renegade Garou.

I got a veil of darkness on the table very early, followed by a slow withering the next turn. Every other deck at the table very much struggled dealing with these cards. It kept Albert from getting Will as quickly as it originally appeared he would, and by time he got through him Erik was pretty well setup to deal with a few turns of bleeds. Karl had taken a few rushes and had been blocked and beat up a good amount. I was able to send a Childe to diablerize Victor when Karl's only vampire was Epikasta. He then brought out Lodin and off of a veil reveal the next turn I saw he had a banishment, which considering I was at five pool and Aline had two blood on her was basically game ending for me if it lands. Karl calls it, I have an Organized and a free press for two intercept after he burns a conclave counter. Then in what proved to be the only thing that could save me he revealed a villein off of his Perfect Paragon play, which canceled it through veil and allowed me to catch him and put Lodin down, entirely subduing his threat from there.

Erik had me on the ropes a bit until I hit my third Ashur, but luckily he couldn't just lean since Albert had 2-3 dominate Malk's behind him. I see my opportunity to sneak in a rush and dunk Brunhilde effectively ending Erik's game since his Valkyries were very low on blood, and I am able to do so. My turn comes up and instead of rushing Albert and taking him out at that stage I felt it was best to let Albert get Erik, and in doing so he exhausts most of his blood on his vampires. My turn rolls around I drop him to one Vampire with one blood and then am able to drop dragonbound with Albert having three or four vampires in torpor and only five pool, and we shake hands. Really tight final that I had a really narrow path to victory in, really happy I pulled it off.

Thanks to Guy Russo for hosting, and thanks to the state of Pennsylvania for trying to kill myself and Brad Cashdollar on the return trip in the snow lol.

Crypt (12 cards, min=11, max=28, avg=5.33)
------------------------------------------
3x Aline Gädeke        7  POT PRE cel      baron  Brujah:6
2x Valeriya Zinovieva  7  POT cel pre pro  baron  Brujah:6
2x Atiena              6  CEL obf pot pre  baron  Brujah:6
1x Leumeah             6  PRE cel for pot  baron  Brujah:6
1x Anita Wainwright    3  cel pre                 Brujah:6
1x Ariane              3  cel pot pre             Brujah:5
1x Laura Goldman       3  cel pre                 Brujah:5
1x Rayne               2  pot                     Brujah:6

Library (75 cards)
Master (26; 3 trifle)
1x Anarch Free Press, The
1x Anarch Railroad
1x Archon Investigation
6x Ashur Tablets
6x Brujah Debate
1x Carfax Abbey
1x Frontal Assault
2x New Carthage
1x Papillon
2x Parthenon, The
1x Powerbase: Los Angeles
3x Vessel

Action (12)
2x Ambush
2x Bum's Rush
5x Childe of the Revolution
2x Harass
1x Open War

Political Action (7)
6x Consanguineous Boon
1x Revolutionary Council

Reaction (16)
4x Bait and Switch
10x Organized Resistance
2x Protection Racket

Combat (10)
6x Taste of Vitae
4x Trap

Event (4)
1x Blood Weakens
1x Dragonbound
1x Slow Withering, The
1x Veil of Darkness