True Love's Face
Mechelen, Belgium
February 15th 2025
3R+F
36 players
Rodinei Teixeira de Camargo
Organizer: Emiliano Imeroni + Maaike Kerschot
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/11963

Report (courtesy of the great Martin Weinmayer)

As I am very late with reporting this tournament, I will juts copy/paste below Martin's great report from Facebook. Thanks a lot again to all participants for a great day of V:TES!

36 highly motivated Methuselahs, led by the infamous Hugh Angseesing, arrived at the grand Spelfanaat game store in Mechelen, Belgium.

The competition was fierce but fair, with Emiliano Imeroni, Hugh Angseesing, Nicolas Vlad, and Jeroen van Oort responding quickly to the few judge calls. Following the first round, the tournament's welcoming hosts calmed the bloodthirsty souls with toasts and drinks.

After three rounds of vampiric struggles and dozens of toasts swallowed, only Rodinei Camargo was able to score more than one game win, securing him the top seed with 2 GW and 8 VP.

5 different countries were represented at the final table:
France, Belgium, the Netherlands, Germany, and Denmark.

Finals seating:
Frederic Pin (3rd Seed) Brujah Royality Toolbox ->
Bram van Stappen (2nd Seed) Assamite Bleed ->
Rolf Engelen ((5th Seed) 30th Toreador Bleed ->
Rodinei Camargo (Topseed) Nephandus Bleed ->
Anne Bøje (4th Seed) Underbridge Stray Combat ->

Final Game:
The Nephandus struggled early on against the Toreador deck.Relentless bleeds, combined with Mind Numbs and Revelations, applied enough pressure to keep it in ousting range. However, some of those bleeds were deflected to Anne, who in turn had a difficult time building her stray dog army. Frederic was unable to play his Alastor after Bram secured votelock with an early Alanmut. Frederic reduced the pool to four by himself after manually equipping a flamethrower and influencing a second vampire. The Toreador eventually crumbled under Bram's Bleeds and Nephandus blocks and was the first to be eliminated.
Anne's stray dog army valiantly attempted to hold the line, but the mage allies proved too powerful, and Anne was ousted second.
Bram was now under pressure again because he was a lower seed than Rodinei. He made some incredible plays, and as with so many finals where the best players collide, it all came down to a single card. Rodinei was able to deflect every Bleed from Bram, eliminating Frederic and securing his final victory with 2.5VP.

On Friday, Rodinei celebrated Valentine's Day with his wife Erica in Brussels, and then won the tournament the following day. Mechelen's Undying Love Challenge has been completed. Congrats, Rodinei!

Deck Name: The Revenge of Ceoris

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=27, avg=5)
---------------------------------------
5x Antonio d'Erlette          5  THA dom for pot              Tremere antitribu:4
2x Carna, The Princess Witch  7  AUS DOM THA      primogen    Tremere:3
2x Selena                     6  AUS DOM THA                  Tremere antitribu:3
1x Ladislas Toth, The Torch   7  AUS DOM THA for  archbishop  Tremere antitribu:3
1x Anarch Convert             1  -none-                       Caitiff:ANY
1x Tupdog                     1  POT VIS                      Gargoyle:3

Library (90 cards)
Master (38; 1 trifle)
12x Ashur Tablets
1x Bleeding the Vine
3x Direct Intervention
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
1x Information Highway
2x Jake Washington
1x Life Boon
6x Liquidation
7x Parthenon, The
2x Shard, London, The
1x Wider View

Action (2)
1x Dominate Kine
1x Magic of the Smith

Ally (10)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
9x Nephandus

Equipment (2)
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Heart of Nizchetus

Action Modifier (8)
1x Conditioning
7x Mirror Walk

Action Modifier/Reaction (2)
2x Murmur of the False Will

Reaction (24)
9x Deflection
2x Delaying Tactics
4x Eyes of Argus
4x On the Qui Vive
2x Redirection
3x Telepathic Misdirection

Event (4)
1x Scourge of the Enochians
3x Unmasking, The