Truth in Darkness
Lafayette (LA), USA
April 12th 2025
3R+F
10 players
Kelly Lyons
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12239

Deck Name: Water Dog - It's So Easy a Caveman Can Do It
Author: Kelly Lyons, Andy Smith and Darby Keeney
Description: I had a Ravnos deck built when the new V5 version came out. It was a go forward deck. No reactions what so-ever. I played it about five times in my play group and won all but once. That's when I was sandwiched between two combat decks. It did have the following combat package:

-- 4x Force of Personality
-- 2x Hide the Mind
-- 1x Swallowed by the Night

I didn't play the deck because several of the players in my playgroup wanted to play it. So, I moved onto other things. Last year Darby Keeney and Andy Smith won with the deck. I talked to both of them. I appreciated their thoughts and ideas on the deck list and play style. The biggest difference between my deck and theirs was master cards. Especially when it comes to Villein. I was playing three, Andy was playing six, and Darby was playing seven. It was my conversation with Darby that sold me on putting in the extra Villeins. When you get advice from the best it behooves you to take it. Thanks to those two gentlemen on this final deck design.

My version does have some differences. I do include 2x Entrancement. Just felt like if I needed to steal Carlton for defense or take that Renegade Garou off the table I could. Also, a 1x The Bitter and Sweet Story. I love this card when you're playing a go forward deck. The plus two hand size is just too strong to pass up. There are some differences in ratios and master cards between my colleges and I but it's basically the same. As Andy and Darby would say, “all gas, all the time...beeyatch.”

The deck is surprisingly resilient. I was Archon Investigated in every round including the final. I had vampires topored or burnt by Shatterings, Ghede combat, Banu Haqim contracts and Anathema.

Side Note: Sreelekha's capacity is too high for this deck. When the New Blood comes out I need to find a replacement for her despite her +1 discard phase action and +1 bleed.

Thanks to Norm Brown for hosting. Good times as always. I love Lafayette.


Crypt (12 cards, min=16, max=26, avg=5.25)
------------------------------------------
2x Roberto Rivamonte  6  ANI OBF PRE      Ravnos:7
2x Gathii             5  ANI PRE obf      Ravnos:7
2x Phaibun            5  OBF PRE ani      Ravnos:7
1x Sreelekha          8  ANI FOR OBF PRE  Ravnos:7
1x Doc Martina        6  ANI OBF for pre  Ravnos:7
1x Luciano Carvalho   6  ANI OBF pre      Ravnos:7
1x Jean-François      4  ani obf pre      Ravnos:7
1x Zafira             4  PRE obf          Ravnos:7
1x Oleg Kaprizov      3  obf pre          Ravnos:7

Library (77 cards)
Master (18; 11 trifle)
1x Anarch Troublemaker
1x Club Illusion
1x Coven, The
3x Dabbler
1x Giant's Blood
1x Jake Washington
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
6x Villein
2x Week of Nightmares
1x Wider View

Action (22)
17x Break the Bonds
2x Entrancement
3x Field Training

Action Modifier (36)
2x Elder Impersonation
4x Faceless Night
4x Lost in Crowds
12x Memory Rift
4x Power of One
2x True Love's Face
8x Visions of Gehenna

Event (1)
1x Bitter and Sweet Story, The