Queensland State Championship 2025
Brisbane, Australia
June 22nd 2025
3R+F
17 players
Bert Perry
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12264

Deck Name: Deranged & Unchained 2025
Description:
Core idea stolen from Otso Saariluoma, a veteran tournament crusher.
I played a version of this through 2020 online, my last stint playing VTES before returning to the game a week ago. I made some changes to include some of the V5 Cam goodness, which both did excellently. The deck plays very smoothly and the core strategy requires making well timed tough decisions, being thoughtful of voting tallies & table balance.
After experiencing how the game has shifted over the last five years all in one weekend, I would make many changes to the list if I were to take it again. Here are some key insights:

Underperformers:
Crypt
- Cybele - Parthenon + prevalence of trifles does enough work in this regard. Investing so much pool into a non-titled minion makes this almost always my third choice to influence. Could consider seeking a different 3rd fiddle.

Library
- Metro Underground & Enkil Cog - hardly utilized this module. Contestation issues aside, with the amount of bleed flick in the meta makes this quite tough to pull off, and often I'd much prefer playing Derange or forcing through a key bloat vote.
- Telepathic Misdirection - I think giving up trying to stop bleeds is the way forward. Add in Narrow Minds & Archon to assist

Overperformers:
Crypt
- Unmada - Incredible lube. Use discard actions aggressively.

Library
- Derange - I consistently found this to be the absolute highest priority and best action to be taking on most turns. Card slaps. If I had more copies I'd play more, maybe something like 8 or 9.  Even if they aren't used for the combo they slow down predator/prey by wasting actions or burning blood.
- Madness Network - Not the focus of the deck but provided me the out in the final to seal the game win with 2 minutes on clock. Crucial sometimes, othertimes just wastes an action from predator or prey, either way is bueno.
- Heidelberg Castle, Germany - Card is a Rolls Royce. So useable in so many situations outside the combo. In the context of the combo: absolutely devastating.
- No Trace - This will be meta dependent but having one of your likely two minions get emptied and/or torporized is game ruining. These saved my hide many times throughout the tournament.
- Forgotten labyrinth - Usable on Derange & Political actions, still the GOAT stealth card for non bleed happy chappys.

Thanks to everyone involved in the Oz VTES Scene, my opponents, & Steve Harris for running a great event. Lastly thanks to my testing buddy Simcof, one of the great VTES builders and players in the scene.

Crypt (12 cards, min=40, max=43, avg=10.25)
-------------------------------------------
5x Unmada                 10  AUS DEM OBF VIC cel for  justicar      Malkavian:5
4x Cybele                 10  ANI DAI OBF PRE SER THA                Baali:4
3x Lutz von Hohenzollern  11  AUS DEM OBF PRE pot      inner circle  Malkavian:4

Library (80 cards)
Master (43; 9 trifle)
9x Ashur Tablets
1x Creepshow Casino
1x Direct Intervention
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
2x Golconda: Inner Peace
2x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
2x Information Highway
1x Madness Network
4x Malkavian Dementia
1x Metro Underground
1x Monastery of Shadows
3x Parthenon, The
6x Villein
1x Visit from the Capuchin
1x Wash
2x Wider View
4x Zillah's Valley

Action (8)
7x Derange
1x Entrancement

Political Action (6)
1x Ancilla Empowerment
1x Banishment
1x Conservative Agitation
1x Parity Shift
1x Political Stranglehold
1x Reins of Power

Action Modifier (14)
2x Cloak the Gathering
2x Elder Impersonation
3x Enkil Cog
1x Faceless Night
2x Forgotten Labyrinth
1x Into Thin Air
2x Lost in Crowds
1x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (3)
1x Eyes of Argus
2x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (3)
3x No Trace

Event (1)
1x Scourge of the Enochians