Abomination 8
Gap (PA), USA
November 1st 2025
2R+F
21 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12549

-- 2GW7 + 1.5vp in final

Deck Name: The Manse Family
Description:
I stripped my 0-0-0 EC Day 1 deck by 10 cards to try to get to the meat of the deck more
quickly.  It turned out to be a big improvement.

Erik, Hecata zombies and Shrouds 0.5 ->
Will, Malgo 0.5 ->
Me, 1.5 ->
Albert, Brujah breed-n-bleed 0 ->
Angel, Ravnos "toolbox" bleed 0.5

None of the Chameleons landed, but they took valuable resources from my prey over the
course of the game.  That was important as you'll see later.

Tired, I made a mistake in turn two of the finals, failing to bring out Ángel Guerrero.  This
slowed me down and cost me 3 beads because I had a superior Govern blocked that
would have succeeded the turn before.  That mistake actually may have won me the final.
If the deck were looking more operational, I think Albert doesn't spend to 12 pool.

The first Deflection comes at 20 cards deep and with so little deck turnover given my
position, I was very lucky that I drew into more so quickly.  However, I ate a total of 5
bounced bleed before I found the first one.

A bounced Ravnos bleed of 6 lands on Albert and he has to eat it, but I still don't have the ability to sink a bleed even though I have the Govern and Foreshadowing in hand. I lose
Ángel to a Banishment.  Another trip around the table and with time running low, my
predator makes a stab.  I have Deflections in hand, but want him to play stealth as I am
holding zero stealth options in hand.  I end up blocking all three bleeds instead.

The card cycles left me with a hand of mostly green, but one was Anarch Railroad.  I
rescued Angel's Phaibun to help stymie Albert's last attempt, if I am unable to oust.  I
decided that I didn't want to win by being top-seed on a full timeout and dropped the
Govern and the Foreshadowing on the table on a bleed from Adrino.  I drew no stealth
options, so I had to lock the Railroad to get by the block.  Out of Organized Resistance
and Bait and Switch, Albert ate the bleed and I score a last minute VP.

Angel is forced to hunt with his Ravnos and time expires.

Shout out to Darby Keeney.  This deck evolved over time and looks very much like his
"Defy the Edict of Worms."  Although not present in this version, I incorporated some
David Litwin's tech in an earlier version.  I would still like to find a place for Weirding Stone,
which burned an Archon Investigation at the EC.  It just didn't make the cut today.

Crypt (12 cards, min=19, max=30, avg=6.08)
------------------------------------------
3x Ángel Guerrero   7  ANI DOM PRO      baron  Tzimisce:6
2x Adrino Manauara  8  ANI DOM PRO pot  baron  Tzimisce:6
2x Marialena        5  DOM PRO ani             Tzimisce:6
1x Branimira        6  ANI dom pre pro  baron  Tzimisce:6
1x Neserian         6  ANI DOM cel pro         Tzimisce:6
1x Clara Hjortshøj  5  PRO ani aus dom         Tzimisce:6
1x Whisper          5  ANI DOM pro             Tzimisce:6
1x Prentis Derby    4  ani dom pro             Tzimisce:6

Library (80 cards)
Master (18; 6 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad
4x British Museum, London, The
1x Carfax Abbey
1x Direct Intervention
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum
1x Giant's Blood
1x Papillon
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion -- still good
1x Powerbase: Los Angeles
5x Villein
1x Wider View -- glad I had today with 3x Ángel in game 1 opening draw

Action (10)
3x Chameleon -- no successes today, but used up precious resources
1x Dominate Kine
6x Govern the Unaligned

Equipment (11)
1x Blood Tears of Kephran
1x Cooler
2x Heart of Nizchetus
6x Living Manse
1x Palatial Estate

Action Modifier (3)
3x Foreshadowing Destruction

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Rapid Change

Action Modifier/Reaction (8)
5x Form of the Bat -- so versatile, great card
3x Murmur of the False Will

Reaction (17)
2x Bait and Switch
2x Deep Ecology -- mix of this and One With the Land was critical
6x Deflection
2x Delaying Tactics
1x On the Qui Vive
2x One With the Land
2x Organized Resistance -- light on purpose the goal is not usually to block

Combat (10)
2x Donnybrook
3x Earth Meld
5x Form of Mist

Event (1)
1x NRA PAC -- not sure this is even worth it; another Form of either is better