Earth Meld With the Land
Newark (OH), USA
August 31st 2025
2R+F
17 players
Alex Romano
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12575

Deck Name: New Noise
Description: This deck is inspired by something I saw David Litwin play on the last day of the Week of Nightmares in 2024. While it is absolutely heinous and will not be making friends at most tables; in the current meta it is consistently hitting 3 players at a table, before factoring in the Puppet Master's. To play this deck you just have to accept collateral damage.

Pretty straightforward plan, get a big Vamp out use fourth tradition to get a second and start throwing camarilla segregations's into play without regard of the results. Methuselahs will die and sometimes not in the exact order you need but the constant pool damage almost always leaves you 3-4 vps to collect. The deck could possibly be juiced up with some more votes that deal repetitive pool damage, but the deck flows so well currently. Also do not forget to abuse Juliet's text when able, that extra hand size is enormous with a 60 card deck.

The final was pretty explosive and the seating was as followed.

Erik (hecata servitor's)-->
Brad (G6-7 Toreador Vote)-->
Karl (Protean/Animalism Baron bleed and block)-->
Myself (Camarilla Poison)-->
Jay (Brujah Barons)

Jay was almost crippled immediately as my opening hand dictated that all I could do was put Camarilla Segregation's into play and bloat with villeins. Pretty shortly into the game and before he could establish some rushes backwards, he had only one vampire, grey thorne and was low on pool. All of the players that are able to go ahead and sacrifice a vampire at this stage, which is massive to this decks success. You want minions off the table. Shortly after I fire an ashur and take back all of the camarilla segregation's and stealth I had played to that point. To his credit Jay did burn his last vampire to stop himself from taking camarilla segregation damage. By time I finally got him it was clear Erik had Brad down to a point where he was going to die, so I had to kind of sit still for a moment. Brad and Erik trade punches for a while but by time Erik finally gets Brad he is still only sitting around 7-8 pool roughly. The next turn comes around and I'm at 3 pool and Karl is at 4 with a vampire with a vessel. I have four Camarilla Segregation's in play therefore the vessel needed to go down and he is unable to get me because even with club illusion he can't get both bleeds to land. By this point Erik is at 1 and Karl is as well. I pass turn and they both die giving me the table in a pretty down to the wire game. One blood goes any other way in this game and I lose, which is maybe the most fun way for games to end.

Crypt (12 cards, min=23, max=35, avg=7.17)
------------------------------------------
3x Juliet Parr          9  AUS DOM OBF cel pot  justicar  Malkavian:7
2x Alexander Silverson  8  AUS DOM OBF pre      prince    Malkavian:6
1x Alice Chen           7  FOR PRE dom obf      prince    Ventrue:6
1x Nikolaus Vermeulen   7  ANI POT for obf      prince    Nosferatu:6
1x Andi Liu             6  DOM aus obf pre      prince    Malkavian:6
1x Belinde              6  OBF ani aus pot      prince    Nosferatu:6
1x Donny Kowalczyk      6  AUS cel dom obf      prince    Malkavian:6
1x Kassandra Tassaki    6  CEL THA obf          prince    Assamite:6
1x Warmaksan            5  THA cel obf          prince    Assamite:6

Library (60 cards)
Master (22; 5 trifle)
2x Antediluvian Awakening
9x Ashur Tablets
1x Camarilla Conclave
1x Creepshow Casino
1x Giant's Blood
1x Jake Washington
1x Secure Haven
1x Tension in the Ranks
3x Vessel
2x Villein

Action (14)
1x Anarch Secession
4x Fourth Tradition: The Accounting
7x Judgment: Camarilla Segregation
2x Puppet Master

Political Action (6)
1x Disputed Territory
2x Kine Resources Contested
2x Parity Shift
1x Rumors of Gehenna

Action Modifier (10)
2x Cloak the Gathering
2x Elder Impersonation
2x Faceless Night
2x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x Lost in Crowds

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (6)
4x Deflection
2x On the Qui Vive