Praxis Seizure Hämeenlinna: Into the Fire
Hämeenlinna, Finland
November 1st 2025
2R+F
17 players
Jani Malmi
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12596

17 Methuselahs came to Hämeenlinna to battle for glory after the release of new Sabbat decks. All Paths were represented in tournament so I can say that Paths are deemed interesting mechanic and new cards powerfull enough to use in tournament. Although only one deck was using the new vampires, all others were using old vampires with new tricks.

Humble thanks for all participants! Hämeenlinna had 100% of it's vampires (3) present but tournaments like these require participants from other cities. Great that we had people from Garou Rim to Helsinki and from Mikkeli to Jyväskylä participate.

This was also my fifth tournament win and one dream should come true with that! Now I need to dream bigger!

Deck Name: Potato's New Groove
Description: Stealth&Vote deck with Path of Power and the Inner Voice
Deck is tooled to be aggressive voter with ways to push votes. Lasombra are excelent at pushing and gaining blood and pool with voting. "Potato's" ability to unlock other Lasombra and Antonio's ablitiy to unlock after succesful vote made it possible to play very small reaction module.

-- Finalists in seating order:
-- 1. Jani Lasombra g2 Path of Power and the Inner Voice Stealth&Vote *top seed*
-- 2. Pasi Toreador g5-6 Tap&Bleed
-- 3. Jussi Lasombra g6 Thrown Gate Combat deck
-- 4. Niina Ghede&Seterpenre Typhonic Beast
-- 5. Lasse Hecata g6 Path of Death and Soul ally deck
-- Finals started unoptimally for Niina as Ghede was not in the crypt and it costed a lot of time to be able to do anything meaningfull.
-- Pasi went out fast against Jussi and bled huge amounts, eventually ousting Jussi pretty fast.
-- Jani and Lasse struck a deal for three rounds where Lasse wouldn't rush Jani's vampires and Jani would not vote damage to Lasse. Jani was free to go forward.
-- With Pasi's quick oust table was forced to play aggressively. When deal was over, Jani opened the game with Anarchist Uprising, dealing Pasi four pool damage and Lasse whopping nine pool damage. Ouch! Lasse was left with two pool.
-- Pasi Entrancmented Lasse's Freakish Conglomerations and rushed Jani, but it was too little too late. Jani was able to oust Pasi and War of The Ages set Jani to comfortable amount of pool. But Jani had only Potato as everyone else was in torpor and no way to save them.
-- Jani and Lasse made deal where Lasse could bounce back in pool with Black Forest Base and deter Niina fast oust.
-- Endgame was Jani voting pool with Black Forest Base and Lasse grinding bleeds with allies. Niina was on the sidelines until Lasse went to ousting range with Spectral Servitors eating pool.
-- Last minutes were Niina and Lasse battling it out. Niina ousted Lasse and during Jani's Cold war vote to Niina, time ran out.
-- Jani was victorious with better seed, but a few more minutes would have won the tournament for Niina.

Crypt (12 cards, min=33, max=40, avg=9.08)
------------------------------------------
4x Ambrosio Luis Monçada, Plenipotentiary  10  DOM OBT POT PRE aus for  cardinal    Lasombra:2
3x Gratiano                                 8  DOM OBT obf pot          priscus     Lasombra:2
2x Alvaro, The Scion of Angelica            9  OBT POT dom pre          archbishop  Lasombra:2
2x Antonio Delgado                          9  DOM OBT POT tha          archbishop  Lasombra:2
1x Francisco Domingo de Polonia             9  DOM OBT POT PRE pro      archbishop  Lasombra:2

Library (80 cards)
Master (20; 7 trifle)
2x Black Forest Base
1x Direct Intervention
1x Elysian Fields
2x Privileged Position
7x Unholy Sacrament
7x Villein

Political Action (22)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancilla Empowerment
2x Banishment
8x Cold War
3x Empires Fall
3x Kine Resources Contested
1x Reins of Power
3x War of Ages

Action Modifier (22)
6x Amici Noctis
3x Dominant Personality
2x Magnetic Authority
2x Private Audience
7x Shadow Play
2x Unthinkable Humiliation

Action Modifier/Reaction (7)
3x Absolute Tyranny
4x Ominous Chorus

Reaction (9)
6x Deflection
3x Obedience