Path of Power and the Inner Voice Los Angeles
Los Angeles (CA), USA
February 15th 2026
2R+F
17 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12827

-- 1GW6.5 + 1.5vp in final, won on seeding

Deck Name: Do A Thing v2
Description:
Ben Peal borrowed and won with an earlier version of this deck, but I've made some
changes since lending it to him.  Thanks to Darby Keeney and Sergio Martins for feedback
on this deck.

I eked out a VP in round 1 in front of a Ravnos bleeder, but died quickly after.  In round 2,
my predator was completely torporized by the Nosferatu, so I was building up with Thing
and bleeding with spare actions. My Ravnos prey was unable to oust his Kiasyd prey by 1
pool.  My predator gets ousted and I double-oust on the following turn.  I end up in a slog
with the Nosferatu, but Fear of Mekhet and Donnybrook, plus a nearly empty library for
the Nosferatu, leads to my victory.

I was tied for second, but lost the die roll.
Ian playing Nosferatu midcap toolbox 1.5 VP ->
Chris playing Ravnos bleed 0 VP ->
Me playing Gangrel Thing 1.5 VP ->
Marcus playing Ravnos Museum bleed 0 VP ->
Mark playing Erlik Legionnaires 0.5 VP

My prey was the second seed.  My predator was top seed and the same deck that ousted
me in round 1.  What I expected to be a fast game ended up as a real slog, leading to a
timeout.  I was able to start with several Things and managed to pay very little pool to put
four vampires in play with two Camera Phones.  The deck was moving well, except for
master cards, so I had some intercept and bounce early and used that to take the smaller
bleeds and fend off the larger ones.  Marcus was having difficulty with Mark because of
Mark's bounce and the eventual Unmasking intercept, chewing through valuable
resources.  Ian was handling the bounce and making beads, but putting very little
pressure on Chris.

I finally get a Villein and a little breathing room, following that with a Garibaldi.  I am mostly
bouncing into my prey for offense at this point, but tossing in the occasional 2 bleed.
Marcus makes a stab at Mark.  I DI his Visions of Gehenna and in an attempt to draw into
the oust on his last bleed comes up 1 pool short because of inferior Presence.  Mark
hangs in there.   Ian is whittling down Chris's pool by 5 or 6 each turn now with the bleed
retainers and bleed specials.

Chris comes forward and I bounce 2 bleeds into Marcus locking a stolen Legionnaire and
leaving him at 3 pool.  I oust on my turn.  Mark is at 2 pool, but with the Legionnaires and
the Unmasking, I have very little possibility of going forward.  I move into survival mode,
knowing that with my seeding and the remaining 25 minutes that I'll win if I don't get
ousted.

I make some beads and Ian holds off ousting Chris because Ian is afraid he cannot oust
me and needs Chris to gobble me up first.  Chris fires in a bleed with Visions of Gehenna
at 1 stealth, which I bounce, knowing the Legionnaires will be unable to block.  With
Narrow Minds in play, he cannot bounce it.  He DI's my bounce, so I wake and play
another.  He plays intercept with Mina using Spectral Divination and a second VP slides
away from me.  I shore up my defenses on my turn.  Ian ousts as time is running low to
grab his VP and the game times out on my turn.

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=25, avg=4.75)
------------------------------------------
2x Casey Snyder      6  PRO ani cel for  baron  Gangrel:6
2x Kuyén             6  ANI PRO          baron  Gangrel:6
1x Massimiliano      7  ANI FOR pro      baron  Gangrel:6
1x Kamile Paukstys   5  PRO ani for             Gangrel:6
1x Mickey Wheeler    5  ani cel for pro         Gangrel:6
1x Hanna Nokelainen  4  ani for pro             Gangrel:6
1x Nathan Turner     4  PRO ani                 Gangrel:6
1x Indira            3  PRO                     Gangrel:6
1x Joaquín de Cádiz  3  for pro                 Gangrel:6
1x Ruslan Fedorenko  2  pro                     Gangrel:6

Library (76 cards)
Master (17; 6 trifle)
1x Carfax Abbey
1x Club Illusion
2x Direct Intervention -- won me the final
1x Ecoterrorists
1x Ennoia's Theater -- extra transfers early, hand-cycling late
1x Fear of Mekhet -- handles Diana, Juliet, Molly, etc. critical to round 2
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum
1x Giant's Blood
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Powerbase: Los Angeles -- so powerful in this deck, card movement and unlock
6x Villein

Action (20)
2x Rewilding -- mostly useless today, still worthwhile
18x Thing

Equipment (3)
3x Camera Phone

Action Modifier (2)
2x Monkey Wrench

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Rapid Change

Action Modifier/Reaction (5)
5x Form of the Bat -- used to run more, but cut back as folks stopped blocking Thing

Reaction (16)
7x Bait and Switch
2x Deep Ecology
2x Delaying Tactics
2x Eyes of the Wild
1x On the Qui Vive
2x Organized Resistance

Combat (11)
3x Donnybrook -- recycling helped me take down the Nos
3x Earth Meld
5x Form of Mist