Falha Bestial
São Paulo, Brazil
December 21st 2025
2R+F
28 players
Francisco Mantovanini Carvalho
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/12866

-- 2GW9 + 2vp in final

-- Last week I played in Liga Fest with a Path of Power and Inner Voice and voting was a hassle. Everyone had titled vampires, no one was willing to negotiate. So for this tournment I decided to go with a deck that didn't rely in any table talk whatsoever.
-- I cruised the first 2 rounds quite easily. Got 4 VP and 1 GW in the first table (with 4 players), then 5 VP and 1 GW in the next, puting me in first place drawed with my dear friend Roberto Mautone, who was playing a serious not meme deck like I was.
-- Before the finals we rolled the dice to see who would be first seed and I lost. The final table was as follows: Me (2nd seed: Banu Haqim Law + Swallowed meme deck) > Roberto (1st seed: Mistress Fanchon and Orlando Oriundus vote) > Desso Alastor (4th seed: Ravnos V5 bleed) > Heitor (5th seed: Path of Death Hecata Deck) > DK (3rd seed: Banu Haqim princes)
-- I started by bringing Alu and Adisa out turn 2. Roberto didn't hit any crypt acelerator so he was grinding to bring Mistress Fanchon. Desso bring out the 3 cap Ravnos turn 1 and started bleeding and puting blood in his uncontrolled vampires early on. Heitor brought out Alek and recuited Carlton and a Bone Shambler, while DK influenced Oluwafunmilayo and started mounting a setup with Heart of Nizchetus and Bowl of Convergenge via Magic of the smith next turn.
-- My first turn acting with my vampires I decided to make them anarchs so I could use club illusion that Desso had played before. I had only stealth in hand and needed to fish for Haqim's law, also I didn't want to draw attention to me before I could actually present a threat. I kept influencing, 2 pool in Kalinda and 2 in wisefrog and waited.
-- Desso went forward and bled Heitor heavily, DK was doing his setup. I had finally get to 3 vampires and my first Haqim Law, so I bled pascek for 2 three times, and three times he deflected / misdirected it to Desso. But I got the edge, untaped Kalinda and was able to do a Web of Knives so my turn wasn't completely wasted.
-- Desso kept bleeding and ousted Heitor which made DK go to defense mode against him. With one Haqim Law my deck started cycling, so I was able to play my setup masters: in one turn I played Coven, Parthenon and another Haqim Law. With 5 vampires up I started bleeding Roberto for 3 with everyone, bringing him down to 3 pool. Desso put a Pentex on Oluwafunmilayo and kept bleeding, but DK was able to defend himself with a mix of second traditions with his other prince (Farrah I think), Villeins for 5 and one telepathic misdirection. Next turn DK put a priority contract on Kalinda, rushed her, but couldn't torporize her. So I used Khabar: Glory and ended up ousting Roberto and gaining 10 pool.
-- At this time Desso was kinda hand locked and couldn't bleed DK reliably. DK rushed me again next turn and torporized Kalinda, but I had by this time like 5 Haqim's law, so I bled Desso heavily and got my next VP. Since I was second seed and DK was 3rd and we could only draw the table, he conceeded the tournment to me.

Deck Name: Banu bleed

Crypt (12 cards, min=11, max=24, avg=4.58)
------------------------------------------
4x Kalinda           6  CEL OBF tha      primogen  Assamite:6
2x Wise Frog         5  OBF aus cel qui            Assamite:6
2x Alu               2  obf                        Assamite:5
1x Khadija Al-Kindi  6  CEL OBF THA      primogen  Assamite:6
1x Arjun Shah        4  THA obf                    Assamite:6
1x Greg Mazouni      4  cel obf tha                Assamite:6
1x Adisa             3  cel obf                    Assamite:6

Library (80 cards)
Master (17; 4 trifle)
1x Coven, The
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
8x Haqim's Law: Retribution
1x Information Highway
1x Khabar: Community, The
1x Obfuscate
1x Parthenon, The
3x Villein

Action (7)
3x Embrace, The
2x Khabar: Glory
2x Web of Knives Recruit

Action Modifier (14)
2x Cloak the Gathering
2x Elder Impersonation
2x Faceless Night
4x Lost in Crowds
2x Spying Mission
2x Veil the Legions

Action Modifier/Combat (37)
6x Resist Earth's Grasp
31x Swallowed by the Night

Combat (3)
3x Wind Dance

Event (2)
1x Bitter and Sweet Story, The
1x Narrow Minds