Northeast Regional Qualifier at TempleCon
Warwick, Rhode Island
February 6th 2010
3R+F
20 players
John Eno

-- 4VP in final

Deck Name: Lawyers, Guns and Money

This is my attempt to make a Ventrue version of the !Ventrue
intercept/combat deck I've been playing, because the new law firm has
such an excellent crypt. Most of the card choices here seem pretty
obvious, but I'll attempt some Morganesque deck commentary for those
that might seem odd or should be changed.

In theory, Mary Anne Blaire is great for this deck. In practice, I think she's
probably too big and should be changed into another Graham and a
smaller vampire. Emily Carson would be a good choice.

I really want his card to be good, and this would seem to be the
deck for it to shine. I don't think I've ever actually played it in
the year or so that I've been working on this deck, though, so that's
probably a pretty good sign that it could be usefully replaced.

Absolutely no idea why there isn't a Giant's Blood in here,
particularly since I put that card into just about every deck I make.
The Island will definitely be changed out for one in the future.

The idea here was that using Scouting Mission over more Governs
would save me blood. In practice, they should all be Governs.

This needs more bleed punch, and the free cards can probably be
safely changed into Conditioning without worrying about its blood
cost. During the tournament, I kept wondering why I was drawing so few
bleed modifiers. More evidence that you should be very familiar with a
deck before you play it in a rated event...

Too much damage prevention. During all four games of the tournament,
there were times when I found myself looking at three or four combat
cards and wishing that they were anything else. Matthew Hirsch took a
great picture of my hand during round three, in which you see six
damage prevention cards and a Walking Stick. Ouch. Some of this will
be taken out for more bleed mods.

If Mary Anne doesn't appear in the crypt any more, this card
obviously needs to be changed into a Sport Bike.

I still haven't figured out if Palatial Estate is ever worth the
action or card slot. I think math is against me on this one, but I'll
leave it here until I can decide definitively.

People will probably mock me for the Shotguns again, but they've
never done wrong by me.

Another "in theory this is great" card, particularly for lockdown
during the two-player game. Probably one or both should be more
straightforward offensive votes like Anarchist Uprising or KRC.

Enough wake tech to make Peal grumpy during the finals when he was
trying to oust me, so it must be just the right amount.

Crypt (12 cards, min=19, max=36, avg=6.92)
------------------------------------------
3x Lodin (Olaf Holte)	8   DOM FOR PRE aus pro		prince	  Ventrue:5
2x Mary Anne Blaire	10  AUS DOM FOR PRE ani pot	justicar  Ventrue:5
2x Graham Gottesman	7   DOM FOR obf pre tha		prince	  Ventrue:5
2x Mustafa, The Heir	6   FOR PRE cel dom		prince	  Ventrue:4
1x Jephta Hester	5   DOM FOR aus				  Ventrue antitribu:4
1x João Bilé		5   DOM FOR pre				  Ventrue:4
1x Ulrike Rothbart	3   dom for				  Ventrue antitribu:4

Library (80 cards)
Master (14)
2x Anarch Troublemaker
4x Blood Doll
1x Ephor
1x Island of Yiaros
1x KRCG News Radio
1x Papillon
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
1x Ventrue Headquarters
1x WMRH Talk Radio

Action (9)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal
5x Govern the Unaligned
3x Scouting Mission

Ally (1)
1x Carlton Van Wyk

Equipment (4)
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Palatial Estate
2x Sawed-Off Shotgun

Political Action (2)
2x Banishment

Retainer (1)
1x Mr. Winthrop

Action Modifier (6)
1x Foreshadowing Destruction
4x Freak Drive
1x Threats

Reaction (18)
8x Deflection
2x On the Qui Vive
8x Second Tradition: Domain

Combat (25)
4x Hidden Strength
3x Indomitability
5x Resilience
4x Rolling with the Punches
2x Taste of Vitae
2x Unflinching Persistence
5x Weighted Walking Stick