Friday TempleCon
Warwick (RI), USA
February 5th 2010
2R+F
13 players
Jesse Cross-Nickerson

-- 3vp in final

Deck Name: Facebook Stalker

A fairly self-explanatory crypt. My primary concern was to get POT on everybody
so that they can fling superior gates. Calebros is the one exception, but he is
well worth it for ANI and a prince title.

I've never been able to tap SchreckNET, but it's an easy action to cycle.
Some day, I'll probably get to use it.

These are often very useful as stealth for early game set up actions,
especially Casino's 0 stealth action to move blood. Given how often I
use them at basic, it might be wise to swap a couple for Lost in Crowds.

The beauty of this combat package is its consistency, coupled with the ability
to surprisingly divert from the playbook. I have been able to shut down some
very nasty combat decks simply by always having a gate to manuever and do some
damage, and then by surprisingly ending combat or dodging (there used to be some
Behind You, and it could go back in) when I got caught in a bind. Flesh Bond
is great for its flexibility, as it deals 3R damage with Casino's special.

These tend to go on the support minions, not on Casino. They really help
get the oust in once I've crippled my prey's minions

A previous version of this deck, which got me to a final at Origins,
spent a total of 0 pool on library card costs. I added a Pentex Subversion
because it is awesome, and to contest should one land on Casino. (I would
still prefer that it be banned.) Spending so little pool is a major part
of what makes this deck work. Casino and Nikolaus both help get Nosferatu
at reduced prices, and I never bring out more than 4 vampires. Usually I
stick with 3, or even 2 under severe pressure. I use the extra pool as a
buffer because at some point in the game I need to tap out against my prey,
and then wake several times to stop her recovery actions. A lot of wall deck
players seem to imagine that they can do this and magically cycle into the
right mix of combat and reactions. Usually that won't happen. However, by
keeping my pool as high as possible, I can afford to take some serious hits
from my predator while I turn my defense into offense.

I would certainly entertain the possibility of cutting some STSW
for more 2nd Traditions.

Crypt (12 cards, min=18, max=36, avg=6.83)
------------------------------------------
5x Casino Reeds                 9  ANI OBF POT cel dem  prince  Nosferatu:3
2x Nikolaus Vermeulen           7  POT ani for obf      prince  Nosferatu:2
1x Amelia, The Blood Red Tears  5  POT ani obf                  Nosferatu:3
1x Calebros, The Martyr         5  ANI obf pot          prince  Nosferatu:2
1x Nigel the Shunned            5  ANI POT obf                  Nosferatu antitribu:2
1x Agatha                       4  POT obf                      Nosferatu antitribu:2
1x Jimmy Dunn                   4  CEL POT for                  Pander:2

Library (90 cards)
Master (14)
4x Blood Doll
1x Fame
1x Giant's Blood
4x Haven Uncovered
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Rack, The
1x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
1x Sudden Reversal

Action (4)
1x Army of Rats
2x Deep Song
1x SchreckNET

Equipment (2)
2x Camera Phone

Retainer (7)
7x Raven Spy

Action Modifier/Combat (5)
5x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (22)
4x Cats' Guidance
4x On the Qui Vive
1x Rat's Warning
6x Second Tradition: Domain
7x Sense the Savage Way

Combat (36)
2x Canine Horde
7x Carrion Crows
2x Flash
2x Flesh Bond
6x Pack Alpha
2x Target Vitals
2x Taste of Vitae
13x Thrown Gate