Zoning Board
Arnhem, Netherlands
March 26th 2011
3R+F
18 players
Izaak Havelaar

Deck Name: Pancake Mix

Description: Ever since cards like Reunion Kamut and Art of Memory
were printed, I have been wanting to build a deck with all these
Black Hand toys. I recently traded for enough Seraph's Seconds to
build a competitive Black Hand deck and try and get the most out
of them. I experimented with !Tremere and Lasombra for a bit at
first, before ending up with Assamites. Of course it should have
been obvious all along Assamites are the best pick for such a deck,
since they are the only clan that has two Seraphs in the same
grouping and get five different Black Hand crypt cards in that
same grouping.

This deck is a bloat/multiact deck at its core and, but with so
many actions a turn, it allows you keep pressure on your prey while
still bloating enough to survive even the most aggressive bleed
predators. It's especially important to build up a solid ready
region with at least a Seraph with a Tattoo Signal plus two other
vampires before you start throwing multiple Losses a turn at your
prey. Once the Watchtower comes into play even the most dedicated
wall decks will have trouble blocking every critical action and
you can oust everyone at your leisure.

It seems master-heavy at first, but with 6 trifles and four copies
of Information Highway it works out just fine. There should probably
go an Archon Investigation in there instead of one of the Info Highways
or maybe the Yoruba Shrine. The three Ashur Tablets are kinda critical
as well, because in every game I played with this deck, I ran out of
cards in the endgame. If one gets cancelled it's not a big deal, because
you can just retrieve it with the Sargon Fragment.

Fourth Cycle is in there to make sure the Watchtower's upkeep stays
at one pool per turn when other people play Unmasking or Anthelios.
As a bonus it also gets rid of them. In the end I never needed it,
but I still think it's a good idea.

This section is perfect. I always had a Loss when I needed one and
in every game I played so far I have managed to bring out 4 or 5 different
minions. Reunion Kamut is really good, especially since it works on older
vampires as well.

It's mostly there so I can retrieve a cancelled Ashur Tablet, but
it's also quite handy to recycle a Loss or a Haqim's Law. I should
probably add a single copy of Trochomancy to the deck to mess with
Ashur/Liquidation based decks.

Art of Memory is amazing. I used them to recycle an Elder Impersonation
to oust a particularly troublesome Henry Taylor twister deck, I used them
to recycle Haqim's Laws to stay alive against a !Ventrue bleeder without
a predator and I used them to get lot of mileage out of a single copy of
Loss. On top of it, you get to flush an unwanted card (say, extra
Information Highways or Gehenna Events) out of your hand. If I were
to play it again, I'd swap a Seraph's Second for a fifth Art of Memory.

Crypt (12 cards, min=26, max=36, avg=7.83)
------------------------------------------
4x Izhim abd Azrael		9   CEL OBF QUI THA pot	 Assamite:5
3x Djuhah, The Bronze Bow	7   OBF QUI aus cel pre	 Assamite:5
2x Nizzam al-Latif		9   ANI CEL OBF QUI dem	 Assamite:5
2x Reza Fatir, The Dark Angel	6   CEL QUI obf pro	 Assamite:4
1x Joe "Boot" Hill		7   CEL QUI for obf	 Assamite:4

Library (78 cards)
Master (21; 6 trifle)
3x Ashur Tablets
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
4x Information Highway
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
5x Villein
2x Watchtower: The Wolves Feed
1x Wider View
1x Yoruba Shrine

Action (28)
4x Haqim's Law: Leadership
2x Khabar: Glory
9x Loss
9x Reunion Kamut
4x Tattoo Signal

Equipment (1)
1x Sargon Fragment, The

Action Modifier (20)
4x Art of Memory, The
2x Deed the Heart's Desire
2x Elder Impersonation
3x Faceless Night
3x Lost in Crowds
6x Seraph's Second

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Action Modifier/Reaction (2)
2x Blood Awakening

Event (4)
1x Blood Trade
1x Break the Code
1x Fourth Cycle, The
1x Thirst