Guruhi Are the Land
Newark, Ohio
March 8th 2011
2R+F
19 players
John Bell

Deck Name: He Has To Run Out Sometime...

2GW8 (1st seed)

Description: The deck is so named because every game I have played it, someone at the table
has commented that I would have to run out of Faerie Wards at some point. Until
it's seen in action, it is hard to describe just how effective a wall this deck
can be without blocking at all. The deck is extremely slow, but relies on
locking down its predator to get itself entrenched. Eternal Vigilance really
makes the deck obnoxious - it does require you to block, but judicious usage can
truly sap your predator's will - attempt to block a hunt or vote without
intercept or ensure that you have an Obedience in hand for 0-stealth actions.
The Rack and Papillion for Marconius assure that you can Faerie Wards to your
heart's content and Smiling Jack to end games. The major challenge for the deck
is increasing Marconius' capacity to ensure everyone is a legal target for
Faerie Wards/Banishment.

Both actions are just awesome for the deck. Depending on the table, I used
Goblinism to either get Papillion or Secure Haven most often. There should also
probably be some Govern's in this deck to utilize all the wonderful superior
Dominate, but for some reason that always scares people.

Mylan can either bleed or be another way to keep the Marconius-machine
untapped and running. The other two are there to try and ensure that my prey is
losing maximum pool to Smiling Jack in the endgame, but can also be helpful
keeping a predator in a hunt-loop.

Always nice for a deck that likes to sit around and wait for opportunities.

Huge against breeder decks and other weenies.

Virtually ensures I will never run out of Faerie Wards, offers pool gain,
and the ability to retrieve early discards - can't say enough good about them.

Most recent addition to the deck in an attempt to keep my prey from running
away from me; excellent synergy with making Marconius older anyway and often
times this deck just happens to be the political power at a table.

To test whether this card was worth playing, I wanted to ensure I always had
a few in hand. It might be a bit much, but the card is so very good when only
paying 1 blood. It is also nice to be able to play it at basic [myt] on a
bounced bleed to keep the pressure on my predator.

Probably should include a few Deflections in the deck, but the idea was to
really try and abuse Faerie Wards. I may try to drop 2-3 in the future and
replace them with Deflection.

Crypt (12 cards, min=30 max=38 avg=8.67)
----------------------------------------
5x Marconius        9   DOM MYT OBT pot         archbishop  Kiasyd:2 -- Paying 1 less for Faerie Wards is what makes the deck viable in the first place.
2x Marcus Vitel     10  DOM FOR OBF OBT PRE     prince      Ventrue:3 -- Conditional +bleed for everyone else in the crypt, but I rarely have more than 2 vampires out. His inclusion is a bit questionable to me at this point.
2x Quentin          9   AUS DOM FOR cel obt     bishop      Ventrue antitribu:2 -- I've considered adding more of Quentin since voting is one of the weaknesses of the deck (Faerie Wards only usable on [D] actions). His ability to cancel votes has been critical several games.
2x Gratiano         8   DOM OBT obf pot         priscus     Lasombra:2 -- He's just good for this deck in every way.
1x Béatrice L'Angou 5   MYT aus dom nec                     Kiasyd:2 -- probably should change her to someone more useful.

Library (80 cards)
Master (24; 7 trifle)
6x Ashur Tablets
1x Auspex
2x Fortitude
1x Giant's Blood
1x Lilith's Blessing
1x Papillon
1x Powerbase: Madrid
1x Rack, The
1x Secure Haven
2x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
4x Villein
3x Wider View

Action (5)
4x Eternal Vigilance
1x Goblinism

Ally (3)
1x Impundulu
1x Mylan Horseed
1x Young Bloods

Equipment (1)
1x Heart of Nizchetus

Political Action (4)
4x Banishment

Action Modifier (16)
2x Blanket of Night
3x Foreshadowing Destruction
2x Shadow Play
5x Shroud of Absence
4x Stone Travel

Action Modifier/Reaction (1)
1x Aura Absorption

Reaction (25)
15x Faerie Wards
3x Obedience -- Critical when blocking 0-stealth actions with Eternal Vigilance.
3x On the Qui Vive
4x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Event (1)
1x Scourge of the Enochians