Rhein-Main-Bashing
Mainz, Germany
May 3rd 2014
2R+F
16 players
Johannes Walch
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/7636

Deck Name: Wildwood Sorceres

This deck is sort of an evolution of my !Nos Deck centered around Cailean
where I have big vampires that fight really well and have a good defense
but had problems with consistently getting gamewins due to the slow build up
(few crypt acceleration) and lack of multi-act. I cut back on the fight
consistency and fixed those two problems.
The master section is completely focused on crypt acceleration and pool gain.
There are lots of obvious and helpful additions like Fame, but really there
is no way to fit them without sacrificing something.
The Biothauma Experiments are really strong and the mini equipment module
works well. I thought about going for more fancy silver bullets, but in the
end the basic stuff is far more useful. Never used the Dog Pack, good in
theory against Majesty heavy preys.
Enkil Cog is a no brainer and I usually use at least two or none, the six
Freak Drives are just right, more will easily be too much. Don't need to
constantly multi-act, rather in a few strategic places (like putting on an
experiment and then Deep Song).
The combat is diverse on purpose to keep people guessing, especially since
the discipline spread of the vamps is scary. It is also focused around not
spending blood, none of the cards cost, and there is multiple synergies in
there. I can't consistenly win against combat heavy decks but I can survive
the one or two critical combats and have some hitback and I can usually
obliterate anything that doesn't fight at all.

Crypt (12 cards, min=33, max=43, avg=9.58)
------------------------------------------
4x Aksinya Daclau    9  ANI FOR PRE PRO cel tha            Gangrel antitribu:4
3x Fakir al Sidi    11  ANI FOR PRE PRO THA abo            Gangrel:4
3x Mictlantecuhtli  10  ANI FOR POT THA pre pro            Gangrel:5
1x Mimir            10  ANI FOR PRO THA dom      cardinal  Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Janey Pickman     6  ANI PRO for                        Gangrel antitribu:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (22; 9 trifle)
3x Blood Doll
1x Giant's Blood
2x Information Highway
1x Perfectionist
6x Villein
3x Wider View
6x Zillah's Valley

Action (17)
3x Biothaumaturgic Experiment
12x Deep Song
2x Magic of the Smith

Equipment (3)
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Ivory Bow
1x Sport Bike

Retainer (1)
1x Dog Pack

Action Modifier (8)
2x Enkil Cog
6x Freak Drive

Reaction (12)
3x Cats' Guidance
9x Sense the Savage Way

Combat (27)
8x Carrion Crows
3x Drawing Out the Beast
4x Flesh of Marble
2x Hidden Strength
2x Indomitability
5x Taste of Vitae
3x Trap