NAC 2014 Day 2
Origins Game Fair, Columbus, Ohio
June 14th 2014
3R+F
25 players
Matthew Hirsch
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/7718

-- 3VP in final

Description: It's a vote deck with a lot of toolbox, defense, and agg strikes.
Notes:
I originally had built a tournament-level Terrifisto deck, and I also had a
Lambach deck in my casual deck supply (which used goofy stuff like Deploy the Hand).
I played the Terrifisto deck at the LCQ #1, and I found it to be quite
underwhelming. So I started a deck retrofit the morning of the tournament,
using the Lambach crypt, and the Terrifisto library. Removing ~8 Fortitude cards from
the Terrifisto deck gave me some creative space to work with.

Even for a crypt that has great access to untap and intercept
effects, putting an Under Siege on the table is really powerful. I simply get
the freedom to tap out and my predator knows I have untap/intercept sitting on
the table. Add Lambach's agg threat on top of that.

If he gets stolen, he can trash the Black Forest Base. I know
it's a bit corner case, but you do have to watch out for it. Otherwise you're
going to endure some serious gloating when someone actually pulls it off.

It's been said before, but it's worth repeating:
This card is amazingly good and other players don't even see how you're building
the perfect hand at the start of your turn. This card directly got me the winning
vp, as I drew into two Changelings at just the right time.

I like this card, but it's very hard to remember to use it
in every untap phase (including your own) For some reason I had particular trouble
remembering to use it in my prey's untap phase.

This is a great card, but I'm always hesitant to add it
to decks because it adds table chatter. If you use it, be prepared for the
cross-table begging and have a ready yes/no answer prepared so it doesn't
stall the game.

Crypt (12 cards, min=25, max=39, avg=8.25)
------------------------------------------
3x Lambach                                 10  ANI AUS DOM VIC pre  cardinal    Tzimisce:2
2x Velya, The Flayer                        9  ANI AUS PRE VIC for  cardinal    Tzimisce:3
1x Sascha Vykos, The Angel of Caine         8  AUS THA VIC ani dom  priscus     Tzimisce:2
1x Sascha Vykos, The Angel of Caine (ADV)   8  AUS THA VIC ani dom  archbishop  Tzimisce:2
1x John Paleologus                          9  ANI AUS CEL VIC pot  archbishop  Tzimisce:3
1x Stravinsky                               9  ANI AUS VIC pot      archbishop  Tzimisce:2
1x Meshenka                                 8  ANI AUS VIC          priscus     Tzimisce:2
1x Elizabeth Westcott                       5  AUS ani cel vic                  Tzimisce:3  -- Should actually be Devin Bisley, but I didn't have a copy on hand.
1x Lolita Houston                           4  VIC aus                          Tzimisce:2

Library (90 cards)
Master (19; 6 trifle)
1x Admonitions, The
1x Black Forest Base
4x Blood Doll
1x Fear of Mekhet
1x Giant's Blood
1x Golconda: Inner Peace
1x Information Highway
1x Library Hunting Ground
1x Powerbase: Madrid
1x Storage Annex
4x Villein
1x Wash
1x Wider View

Action (5)
1x Abbot
1x Fiendish Tongue -- Could probably be a Deep Song, in case you want to rush. The untap from Tongue isn't really needed given all the untap/wakes in the deck.
1x Shepherd's Innocence
2x Under Siege

Ally (1)
1x Mylan Horseed

Equipment (3)
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Palatial Estate
1x Weirding Stone

Political Action (11)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancient Influence
1x Ancilla Empowerment
1x Disputed Territory
5x Kine Resources Contested
1x Public Vilification -- It's a bit too hard to use. I had 2 copies in the Terrifisto deck and I dropped down to one here.
1x Reins of Power

Action Modifier (14)
1x Bribes
4x Changeling
1x Conditioning
1x Crocodile's Tongue
3x Mind of the Wilds -- I'm a real big fan of this card, as it lets Tzimisce decks play that second point of stealth without spending a blood on Plasmic Form.
1x Private Audience
3x Telepathic Vote Counting

Action Modifier/Combat (1)
1x Plasmic Form

Reaction (27)
1x Cardinal Sin: Insubordination -- Never got to pull it off in the tournament, but I'd still keep it in the deck. I was anticipating more Sabbat decks using Danse Macabre cards.
1x Cats' Guidance
2x Eagle's Sight
2x Eyes of Argus
2x Forced Awakening
2x On the Qui Vive
1x Precognition
2x Read the Winds
2x Sense the Savage Way
1x Spirit's Touch
1x Telepathic Counter
7x Telepathic Misdirection
3x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (9)
1x Boxed In
1x Breath of the Dragon
1x Canine Horde
5x Chiropteran Marauder
1x Starvation of Marena