1st Töölö Grand Ball
Helsinki, Finland
December 18th 2016
2R+F
10 players
Lauri Salmi
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/8531

-- 3VP in final

Final table:
Marko (Lasombra Wormwood Baltimorepurge Toolbox) -->
Ilari (Giovanni Powerbleed) -->
Jukka (Dementation Anarch stealth bleed) -->
Jyri (Blackhand Dementation Bleed with Anu Diptinatpa -->
Lauri (me) (Lord Tremere Toolbox)


This was first tournament arrange in one of our new players (Tero Aalto, he
started playing last march, but was already playing at the EC in Genoa) home at
Töölö, Helsinki. Nice residence and works for a small tournaments, with 2-3
tables top. We got 11 players turning up, but one opted to leave before the
start and see the new Star Wars instead, so Thanks to HG for that. We played
two rounds and Final then with 10 players.

Preliminary rounds only had 1 GW, in those four games, and that was by Jukka
with 2vp eventhough he was ousted in that game, so all the tables went Time.
Marko won his place in final by coin toss (dice roll) over Henna-Riikka(one of
the two tournament first timers). And Jyri won third seed agianst me in coin
toss (dice Roll). Ilari was second seed (another tournament first timer) and
Jukka with only GW of course was the first seed.

So me and Marko sat at the table, and Jyri opted to bleed me, then Ilari opted
to bleed Jyri and finaly Jukka went between Ilari and Jyri. Marko was diced to
be the starter.

I had personally really bad start and didn't get Malgorzata on starting crypt,
and actually opted to buy new vampire twice before even getting her, and well
so it was turn 5 when I finaly got my first vampire, everyone else had 3-5
minions by that time, and my predator had bled me twice by bleeds of four, so I
really didn't expect to win.

However my predator got enough pressure by his predator that I manage to get
Malgorzata up and Villein, then start using her special ability to bring Lord
Tremere up and Villein him too, even with Wormwood by my prey lowering capacity
down to 7-8.

Even then the Giovanni with four vampires including Le Dinh Tho, manage to oust
his prey and even next one, while my prey with the Lasombra gave a little
pressure to him, finaly allowing me to do timely oust with bleeds and Anarchist
Uprising.

If I had not manage to oust Marko then, I propably would not have survived his
and Ilaris turn, but with that timely oust, I did have the upper hand, and
manage to put all of Ilaris vampires into Torpor and win the came about 10
minutes before time, earning me Tournament win, and my first TWDA entry without
Nana Buruku featured in my decklist.

Winners decklist:

This deck is similar to EC Genoa winners Pau Vilars, so thanks to him and others who had played similar decks before

Crypt (12 cards, min=36, max=44, avg=10.33)
-------------------------------------------
4x Malgorzata         9  AUS DOM THA VIC pre      priscus       Tremere antitribu:4
3x Lord Tremere      11  ANI AUS DOM THA VIC obe                Tremere:5
3x Mistress Fanchon  11  AUS CEL DOM OBF THA VIC  inner circle  Tremere:4
2x Sha-Ennu          11  ANI AUS CHI VIC obf tha  regent        Tzimisce:4

Library (83 cards)
Master (20; 6 trifle)
1x Direct Intervention
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
2x Information Highway
1x Monastery of Shadows
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
2x Rötschreck
5x Villein
1x Wider View
4x Zillah's Valley

Action (4)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal
2x Magic of the Smith
1x Under Siege

Equipment (3)
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Ivory Bow

Political Action (5)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancient Influence
2x Banishment
1x Reins of Power

Action Modifier (11)
5x Changeling
2x Conditioning
4x Mirror Walk

Action Modifier/Combat (4)
3x Plasmic Form
1x Ritual of the Bitter Rose

Reaction (21)
2x Eagle's Sight
2x Enhanced Senses
6x Eyes of Argus
3x My Enemy's Enemy
3x On the Qui Vive
5x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (15)
1x Amaranth
2x Breath of the Dragon
7x Chiropteran Marauder
5x Theft of Vitae