Powerbase: Berkeley - Dust Up
Eudemonia Game Store, Berkeley, California
April 2nd 2016
2R+F
10 players
Mark Jasper

-- 5VP in final

Deck Name: Saulot and Nergal: Beauty and the Beast
Created by: Mark Jasper (modified version of deck created by Roberto Mautone, Jr.)

Final table: David Corson-Knowles (Weenie Potence Thrown Gate) > Kate Hanley (Malk 94) > Brett Schofield (Ventrue Anti Obtenebration Vote) > Mark Jasper (Nergal, Saulot and the Great Beast) > Ian Lee (Mid-cap Assamite toolbox?)
Tipping Point: The turn after ousting Ian about 1 hour in I had 3 pool, Unleash Hell's Fury in play,
Saulot with 1 blood and Repulsion, merged Nergal with 3 blood and Call the Great Beast on him already.
Brett (my predator) had 3 ready titled !Ventrue with obtenebration, vote lock and would surely have ousted me
on his next turn. Dave had 10 pool, 3 tapped weenies (3-5 caps), Carlton untapped and Fame on his prey's vamp
in torpor (Kate had 4-6 pool and Gilbert Duane untapped). After paying 1 pool for Fame and 1 to untap Nergal,
I had 1 pool left. I had Nergal bleed for 3, using his ADV special and the only stealth card in my hand (Mirror Walk)
to get past Carlton. Freak drive. Top decked a Gift of Sleep replacing Freak Drive! Then Saulot Spirit Marionette
bled for 3 with just enough stealth (the Gift of Sleep from hand, repulsion on Saulot) to get past Carlton
and tap him. I had only one Mirror Walk left in my hand, so without the tapping component of Spirit Marionette,
The Great Beast couldn't get past Carlton. Then I popped the Beast on Nergal and bled for 3 to get him to 1.
Dave's own Fame finished him off. With Dave ousted, I had no more fear of getting rushed to death. I had just
enough pool (Brett pressured me hard with KRCs and bounced bleeds from Kate at me the whole game) and the Fury
left to survive another turn of KRCs from Brett and another bounced bleed for 6 from Kate (she stealthed it
by the Fury), to oust Kate and then Brett soon after, completing the table sweep. This was after getting
only 1.5 VP in the preliminary rounds and just barely making the final table as the 5th seed. Incredibly
close tournament and my first win!!

Crypt (12 cards, min=40 max=44 avg=10.42)
-----------------------------------------
5x Nergal               10  AUS DAI FOR OBF PRE THA     Baali:5
2x Nergal (ADV)         10  AUS DAI FOR OBF PRE THA     Baali:5
5x Saulot, The Wanderer 11  AUS FOR OBE THA VAL dai     Salubri:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (21; 7 trifle)
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
5x Golconda: Inner Peace
3x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
2x Information Highway
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Redeem the Lost Soul
7x Villein

Action (23)
5x Call the Great Beast
5x Renewed Vigor
7x Spirit Marionette
3x Unburdening the Bestial Soul
3x Unleash Hell's Fury

Ally (2)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
1x Mylan Horseed

Equipment (1)
1x Sargon Fragment, The

Action Modifier (26)
2x Enkil Cog
12x Freak Drive
6x Mirror Walk
3x Neutral Guard
3x Repulsion

Action Modifier/Reaction (4)
4x Gift of Sleep

Reaction (5)
3x Eyes of Argus
2x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (7)
5x Anesthetic Touch
2x Flames of the Netherworld

Event (1)
1x Scourge of the Enochians