King of the Mountain
Paris, France
January 28th 2018
3R+F
15 players
Vincent Ripoll
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/8836

-- 1GW5 (3rd seed) + 1.5 in final

Deck Name: Royal with Cheese

Description: A deck built around the cheese-shaped discipline (Protean) and votes, hence the deck name. The deck relies on very versatile cards and is able to adapt to many situations.
It is a bit slow to build up, but it is not necessarily a bad thing as you don't want to be the bad guy too early. The deck has some hand jam problems, another Heart of Nizchetus could help.
Also, I spent 3 rounds wondering why I wasn't drawing any Pentex Subversion. I really don't know why there is not any in this deck.

Adana is the real star of the deck because she has everything needed. You must be careful with Hardestadt until he gets his Protean skill because he has access to 9 less S:CE.
// Aksinya helps surviving bleed decks and cycles the extra Zillah's Valley or Wider View you may draw. André is very nice when you can't afford another high-cap vampire,
// or if you can afford him in extra, and a 10 hand size (with the Monastery) is awesome.

Crypt (12 cards, min=33, max=44, avg=9.92)
------------------------------------------
4x Adana de Sforza        11  CEL OBF POT PRE PRO aus  inner circle  Brujah:4
3x Hardestadt             11  DOM FOR POT PRE cel pro  inner circle  Ventrue:4
3x Aksinya Daclau          9  ANI FOR PRE PRO cel tha                Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Malabranca              9  AUS CEL PRE PRO obf      archbishop    Toreador antitribu:4
1x André the Manipulator   6  FOR PRO                                Gangrel:5

Library (90 cards)
Master (24; 12 trifle)
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
2x Information Highway
1x Island of Yiaros -- for fun (Hardestadt hitting for 7), can be discarded to Aksinya. Or replaced by a Pentex.
1x Monastery of Shadows
1x Powerbase: Montreal -- you won't defend it, but it distracts other players and helps you in the early game
1x Protean
1x Regent -- for Aksinya, the deck should have enough S:CE to help her survive
8x Villein
4x Wider View -- always useful, and can be recycled with Aksinya anyway
4x Zillah's Valley

Action (7)
3x Dual Form -- used 99% of the time at inferior
4x Public Trust -- they could be Intimidations, but the pool you get back directly on an uncontrolled vampire is often useful to get them out

Equipment (2)
2x Heart of Nizchetus

Political Action (15)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancient Influence
1x Ancilla Empowerment
6x Banishment
1x Conservative Agitation
3x Kine Resources Contested
1x Political Stranglehold -- was not very useful during the tournament because drawn too early in the game.
1x Reins of Power

Action Modifier (22)
2x Awe -- in case you don't have the vote lock on that Reins / Ancilla you need to pass. Was never needed during the tournament
2x Earth Control
1x Enkil Cog -- seldom drawn and used, not a vital card
1x Horrific Countenance -- a terrible card that I like. Usable by Hardestadt, and it gave me a VP twice during the tournament.
4x Instantaneous Transformation
5x Perfect Paragon
7x Voter Captivation

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Rapid Change

Reaction (2)
2x On the Qui Vive -- not optimal, but I don't like decks without any wake. Forced Vigilance could be better

Combat (15)
2x Claws of the Dead
4x Earth Meld
9x Form of Mist