High Ground
Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
April 20th 2019
2R+F
12 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9169

-- 2GW5 + 4VP in final

Deck Name: Lions and Tigers and Legionnaires, Oh My!

Description: Grinder-style Emerald Legionnaire deck

When building this deck, I wanted to take the traditional Ventrue/!Ventrue grinder, replace the
Ventrue/!Ventrue with Harbingers and the Dominate with Emerald Legionnaires. There's not an even
math in that conversion, however. There's no good answer to Deflection, since all of the Auspex
bounce locks your vampires. Weighted Walking Sticks don't provide enough permanence nor enough
safety for your vampires lacking Fortitude. Furthermore, space has to be made for Spectral
Divination and Breath of Thanatos for their versatility. While I like the result, in the end, this
is probably just a fightier version of Martin Weinmayer's Emerald Dream.

I wasn't sure what people would play today, but I wanted good defense. I finished up the deck about
2 hours before the event, and found the right mix for today. The final had two fast bleed decks
that I knew about and two decks that I hadn't seen all day.

John M. (Toreador/!Toreador Anarch Toolbox) 0 VP ->
John E. (Dem Breed with Madman's Quill) 0 VP ->
Me 4 VP ->
Mark (Nocturn Bleed) 0 VP ->
Will (+Bleeders with AUS/OBF) 1 VP

I knew both Mark and Will were strong bleeders, having survived as prey to each deck, I didn't want
to risk that again. I was unsure of the other decks, so decided to be Mark's predator because I
hoped to be able to wear him down during his undirected Nocturn recruitments. I felt that was still
a risky choice. I don't have a lot of Eagle's Sight, so it was possible that Mark could have taken
3 VPs before I could get him under control.

Going third was perfect for me and I had a great crypt with four different vampires. I got Erebus
in play on turn 2 and on the next turn gave him a Guardian Angel and a Bowl of Convergence. I got
Maldavis in play next. Mark was only taking forward actions early and Will's Cornelius Ottavio had
standing 3 bleed vs. every deck on the table. My predator hit Erebus with a Pentex Subversion,
played Sibyl's Tongue to find a Conceal and immediately tried to burn the Bowl. Maldavis was barely
able to block it. Maldavis took an action to remove the Pentex and drew a block. Mark was going
forward very effectively and I had little to say about it. Will was trying to outrace his predator.
John M, my grand-predator, took two actions to remove the Pentex (Change of Target on the first),
then sunk a big bleed on John E. Erebus was able to block again and tried to do so with almost
every action my predator took. After a few feints, John E got a Creation Rites in play. At this
point, I got my first Legionnaire and then brought out Zygodat. Then knocked off the Creation Rites
with Scourge of the Enochians. Mark started to take undirected actions, as the Nocturns came up. I
wore down his vampires' blood totals (Obtenebration is expensive), but he made really good
progress. When it came to my turn again, I played another Legionnaire normally and mostly held off.
The pool totals are very low for both Will and John M. When a bleed of three gets bounced to me, I
decided that sending it to John M instead of my prey is the better long term move. If Will can get
a VP and I'm the last man standing, I'd win on seeding (or better). John M blocked, but that took
critical resources. On my turn, I Pentexed Mark's fourth vampire and sent my Legionnaires after The
Path of Night. Mark needs to take a lot of Nocturn actions and I lock every minion to keep Mark
from going forward. Will survives and is able to oust John M. John E hits me with a bleed that I
can't block, but doesn't have enough to really hurt me. I ousted Mark with Legionnaires and the
next turn got Will. John E's bloat machine was working well, but his minions were low on blood. I
had The Unmasking and four vampires and three Legionnaires. When I dropped Smiling Jack, John E
conceded with ~30 minutes left in the final.

The critical play, in my mind, was recognizing that I needed to throw John M off the island and let
Will have a VP and the extra pool that comes with it.

Crypt (13 cards, min=19 max=28 avg=5.85)
----------------------------------------
5x Erebus          7   AUS FOR NEC dem  Harbinger of Skulls:3
2x Neighbor John   5   AUS dom for      Ventrue antitribu:4
2x Solomon Batanea 5   AUS FOR nec      Harbinger of Skulls:4
1x Sennadurek      6   AUS NEC dom      Nagaraja:4
1x Zygodat         6   AUS NEC pot      Harbinger of Skulls:4
1x Nicomedes       5   aus for nec vic  Harbinger of Skulls:4
1x Maldavis (ADV)  4   AUS for pre      Caitiff:3

Library (90 cards)
Master (18; 5 trifle)
2x Direct Intervention
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Erciyes Fragments, The -- only seen and played in the finals. Got The Unmasking, Leverage (used for the oust), and Madman's Quill
2x Guardian Angel -- so good in the light combat environment
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion -- played to prevent my prey from acting, not from blocking
1x Powerbase: Montreal
1x Rack, The
2x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
5x Vessel
1x WMRH Talk Radio

Action (1)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal -- never played all day, saw it every game

Ally (9)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
8x Emerald Legionnaire -- never had more than 3 in play at a time, recycling them was key

Equipment (5)
2x .44 Magnum
1x Bowl of Convergence
1x Ivory Bow
1x Sniper Rifle

Action Modifier/Combat (5)
5x Breath of Thanatos -- so good, the aggpoke scared people and I burned a vampire using Target Vitals

Action Modifier/Reaction (4)
4x Spectral Divination -- versatility is key; be careful of the nec vampires, which can't use it for intercept

Reaction (31)
2x Delaying Tactics -- almost no votes all day
3x Eagle's Sight -- blocked prey's ousting bleed in round 2
7x Eyes of Argus
3x Forced Awakening
2x Melange -- never burnt it for +bleed; Enhanced Senses instead?
3x My Enemy's Enemy
4x On the Qui Vive
2x Precognition
5x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (15)
3x Concealed Weapon
5x Indomitability -- swapped all Hidden Strength for these and it was exactly right for this environment, easier to cycle
2x Rolling with the Punches
2x Soak
3x Target Vitals -- so good, as always

Event (2)
1x Scourge of the Enochians
1x Unmasking, The