Garou Rim: Night Moves
Joensuu, Finland
July 20th 2019
3R+F
20 players
Tero Aalto
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9318

-- 3GW9 + 1.5VP in final

Deck Name: Äitini on mäyrä (My mother is a badger)

Huge tournament this time around! Thanks to everyone for taking the time to come to Joensuu!

Games were super hard this time. A lot of wall and combat decks. And the few aggressive decks were super nasty and super punishing type.

We were not using the alternative time limit in the finals this time around, as most of us wanted to play things normally. Finals game timed out. Finalists can say something about the game if they want to. I don't want to get too deeply into it, as I was not playing. The game seemed like a really tough one in any case.

Finals Seating:

Lasse Pöyry (Tupdog Fiendish Tongue Bleed) --> Reetta Rautiainen (Giovanni Shambling Hordes) --> Antti Penttilä (Nana Animalism + Aksinya) --> Tero Aalto (Unnamed) --> Esa-Matti Smolander (Huitzilopochtli + Baali bleed)


I totally wasn't expecting to win two tournaments in a row, especially with the same deck. I was going to play something completely different but it turned out I wasn't happy enough with anything else I was brewing.

Even though a lot of people who play regularly in the capital region attended, the eastern meta game is still always quite different. Somehow, the deck felt more consistent than ever, producing a GW and 3 VPs each preliminary round, and 1,5 VPs in the final.

Very slight changes compared to the previous version. The most interesting one I would say is getting rid of Veneficti who, in the current ally-steal heavy meta is more of a liability (and can even end up stealing my own Servitors).

Crypt (12 cards, min=13, max=40, avg=6.92)
------------------------------------------
5x unnamed, The             10  CEL DAI OBF PRE PRO          Baali:6
2x Xeper, Sultan of Lepers   7  OBF PRE ani dai pro          Baali:6
2x Arishat                   6  DAI OBF PRE          1 vote  Baali:6
2x Horde, The                3  dai obf pre                  Baali:6
1x Anarch Convert            1  -none-                       Caitiff:ANY

Library (66 cards)
Master (11; 4 trifle)
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
2x Perfectionist
3x Tend the Flock
1x Vessel
1x Villein
1x Wash
1x Wider View

Action (13)
1x Contagion
4x Entrancement
5x Flurry of Action
3x Unleash Hell's Fury

Ally (4)
4x Infernal Servitor

Retainer (2)
2x Homunculus

Action Modifier (22)
4x Elder Impersonation
3x Enkil Cog
2x Faceless Night
4x I am Legion
6x Instantaneous Transformation
3x Lost in Crowds

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Swallowed by the Night

Action Modifier/Reaction (5)
5x Sense the Sin

Reaction (1)
1x Delaying Tactics

Combat (4)
4x Form of Mist

Event (1)
1x Narrow Minds