Danish NC 2019
Copenhagen, Denmark
November 23rd 2019
3R+F
20 players
Nikolaj Wendt
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9430

-- 2GW7.5 + 1.5VP in final

Deck Name: Aksinya weenie PRE - Danish Nationals 2019

Report by Christian Nislev:

The attendance has been dropping in the last few years, but this year the trend
turned upwards with 20 players participating – not least due to a strong
turnout by non-Danes, for example Swedes from Malmö, who seem to have come out
of torpor and hungry for blood.

The Danish meta is typically combat-heavy compared with elsewhere, but this
year saw a more moderate metagame with an even distribution of stealth-bleed,
fat cap voters, ally-decks and a bit of combat.

The following players reached the final:
1. Nikolaj Wendt 2 gw, 7.5 vp
2. Sebastian Fredenberg 2 gw, 5 vp
3. Rudolf Scholz 1 gw, 7.5 vp
4. Henrik Andersen 1 gw, 6.5 vp
5. Nico Scholz 1 gw, 5 vp

While the ally decks were setting up at one end of the table, the bleed decks
were pressing forward from early on, and the bleed-bouncing was intense. After
more than an hour’s play, Sebastian was ousted by Henrik who had three vampires
out and another one on the way.

The last part of the final saw intense activity with Nikolaj promising Nico to
hold off with bleeds so she could go forward in the hope of ousting Rudolf in a
few turns. Henrik pushed forward against Nikolaj but Nikolaj kept bouncing
bleeds to Nico with Aksinya’s ability and Lost in Translation. To cycle cards,
Henrik stealthed past Nico’s blocking minions to deliver a strong bleed against
her. Nikolaj saw his chance and informed Nico that he would break the deal
since she was now within ousting range. Shortly after, she was ousted.

With a few minutes left, Rudolf pressed Henrik hard and came close to ousting
him, but he ran out of time before the final few bleed actions could be carried
out.

With Nikolaj and Henrik on 1.5 VPs each, Nikolaj won the Danish National
Championship 2019 due to entering the final in top position.

A highly unusual final of a Danish championship, with neither combat or vote
decks present. The winner was, however, not unexpectedly, Nikolaj Wendt – a
former Prince of Copenhagen (now in exile in Serbia) and enfant terrible of the
Danish V:TES scene who has for many years been THE player to beat in Denmark
(rumour has it that ousting him in casual games is worth 1.5 VPs...).

Nikolaj's comment: "Aksinya is one of my favorite vampires, and I have been
trying to slot her into different archetypes (previously the obvious ANI one).
She offers great support for the problems that I feel weenie PRE decks normally
face."

Crypt (12 cards, min=4, max=31, avg=4.08)
-----------------------------------------
4x Anarch Convert  1   -none-				  Caitiff:ANY
3x Aksinya Daclau  9   ANI FOR PRE PRO cel tha		  Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Loonar	   4   PRE cel				  Toreador antitribu:4
1x Lumumba	   4   PRE ani				  Guruhi:4
1x Marla Kenyon	   4   PRE ser				  Follower of Set:4
1x Reginald Moore  4   PRE			primogen  Brujah:4
1x Jayne Jonestown 2   PRE				  Brujah antitribu:4

Library (67 cards)
Master (31; 1 trifle)
2x Anarch Revolt
1x Anarch Troublemaker
9x Ashur Tablets
1x Barrens, The
1x Coven, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
3x Information Highway
1x Jake Washington
3x Liquidation
2x Misdirection
4x Parthenon, The
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion

Action (15)
2x Entrancement
5x Mind Numb
8x Public Trust

Action Modifier (4)
4x Aire of Elation

Reaction (10)
2x Delaying Tactics
5x Guard Dogs
3x Lost in Translation

Combat (7)
5x Majesty
2x Staredown