American Cup Series: Denver (Well-Aimed Car)
Denver (CO), USA
November 9th 2019
3R+F
17 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9425

-- 1GW5 + 1.5VP in final

Deck Name: Dream a Little Dream (Cup Edition)
Created by: Karl Schaefer

Description: !Malk Dream World bread deck.

Some minor tweaks since my original win with this. Stavros is really the star
and every time I saw Alicia Burrows, I just wished it was Stavros. It may be
better to shrink the crypt up more by replacing both Alicias with another
Stavros and Fabrizia. Switching to 4/5 would add some OBF help with !Nosferatu
weenies, but loses General Perfidio Dios. The extra vote and extra place to
toss Powerbase: Madrid votes is useful but may be making the deck too large
overall.

I chose this deck for the day because it tends to have surprising
survivability. I got 2 GW on NAC Day One this year with it and I have great
familiarity with it. Since the event was going to include many folks I had
never played with, I wanted that familiarity and reliability. I squeaked into
the finals with 1GW5, earning my game win in round one, but faced Darby
Keeney's Temptation deck in rounds 2 and 3 plus the final (my deck stalled in
both directions). His deck is a solid counter to mine: Temptation, allies that
can steal blood (and life), and permacept in Bupe and Saatet-Ta.

For me the day revolves around battling that same Temptation deck over and over
and over, but there was more to the final that just our two decks.

1st seed Dave Litwin Dmitra Breed/Boon 0.5 VP ->
3rd seed Bill Troxel Mordecai Ben-Nun Anarch Legionnaires 0.5 VP ->
5th seed Kevin Mitcham Arika with G2/3 Ventrue 0.5 VP ->
4th seed Me 1.5 VP ->
2nd seed Darby Keeney Temptation 0 VP

I had no seating choice and am not sure where I would have sat had I been given
a choice. I am pretty sure that Darby chose to sit in front of me because in
our two previous encounters that day I did not manage to oust him. The latter
encounter ended with us being heads up and he was about 2 minutes from ousting
me. I think it was his best seating choice given our previous interactions.

I went fourth and had Fabrizia, so I was able to get the baby-making going
early. I had some extra time without interference, since Kevin's first vampire
was Arika. Darby brought Bupe up early so I was spending more stealth than I
wanted to do normal things like hunting. Bill was dumping large portions of his
library with Liquidation and Kevin was rightly concerned. He tried to Entrance
the first Legionnaire, but 2 Detect Authorities and 3 intercept later, he was
caught losing a lot of blood in the process. This left the window open for
Darby to Tempt Arika. With Dave putting Dmitra in play, Darby needed to
use Arika to help him oust, since stealing his prey's vampires was not as
effective. That being said, Dmitra was trying to help Arika get blood back.

The game shifted to everyone hanging on. Bill kept getting more Legionnaires
and had The Unamsking and FBI in play. Kevin got up two more large Ventrue.
I was up to around 8 minions with Fabrizia Tempted and 2 Creation Rites in
torpor. Darby was making the most headway using Arika effectively and getting
Dave's pool to single digits.

Then the game state changed. Neither Dave nor Kevin liked The Unmasking and I
had drawn The Uncoiling. I made a deal with the table to have them pass a Con
Boon !Malk (for 7) and I would put The Uncoiling in play. Darby was making
solid progress and put the Fear of Mekhet on Arika to reduce her high blood
total to make it easier to grab her with the Temptation. Occasionally Dave was
making a baby and Bill was still churning out Legionnaires. Bill made a first
push against Kevin. Kevin was feeling the pressure and also irked by Darby
partially controlling Arika. Kevin calls Anarchist Uprising to really put the
hurt on Bill (and me), but Dave was up to six minions and Darby had enough that
it was voted down because I would have been in position to get a quick 2 VPs.

After that, I decided to make a move. I played Dream World and get Darby down to
3 pool. I wasn't able to finish him. Darby is in a no-win position and has
Dave, Kevin, and me working on him. After some forward action, he transfers
out. This both hurts and helps me later in the game. Dave makes little
progress against Bill. With a VP on the table, Bill makes a big push against
Kevin. Kevin is really low on his turn and makes some progress on me as he
gains pool. With Darby gone, the Fear of Mekhet kept on of Kevin's vampires in
the game, which I had not counted on. I took a decent amount of damage.

I decide that survival is more important than going forward against Dave, since
I didn't have a Dream World to play. Instead I farm my Blood Dolls and call a
Con Boon. The Boon passes as Dave figures, I may need to survive Bill and he
can't take Bill heads-up (even if he has the tie-breaker). Bill makes another
push and after some valiant defense, Kevin survives by playing Majesty with the
formerly Feared Lucinde. So, while Lucinde put a hurt on me the previous turn,
her presence keeps Kevin in the game, which in the end allows me to win. With
almost no time left, Arika bleeds for 7, which I take, leaving me at 4 pool
when time is called.

Crypt (12 cards, min=9, max=32, avg=5.08)
-----------------------------------------
3x Stavros                7  AUS OBF PRE dem      priscus     Malkavian antitribu:4
2x Alicia Barrows         9  AUS DEM OBF POT PRE  archbishop  Malkavian antitribu:4
2x Fabrizia Contreraz     4  dem pot              archbishop  Malkavian antitribu:4
1x General Perfidio Díos  5  AUS dem obf          bishop      Malkavian antitribu:3
1x Blister                3  obf pot                          Nosferatu antitribu:4
1x Bloodfeud              2  obf                              Malkavian antitribu:4
1x Denette Stensen        2  obf                              Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Old Neddacka           2  obf                              Nosferatu antitribu:4

Library (80 cards)
Master (23; 2 trifle)
6x Ashur Tablets
3x Blood Doll
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Hungry Coyote, The
5x Obfuscate -- if you have an opening Fabrizia consider holding one
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion -- never played; discarded twice
1x Powerbase: Madrid
1x Sunset Strip, Hollywood
2x Vessel -- prefer Blood Dolls for this deck, but need the trifle

Action (11)
7x Creation Rites
3x Dream World
1x Sibyl's Tongue -- adds flexibility in lieu of second copies of silver bullets

Ally (7)
1x Mylan Horseed
6x Procurer -- Impundulu can eat these guys and that made me sad

Political Action (4)
3x Consanguineous Boon
1x Lextalionis

Action Modifier (16)
3x Cloak the Gathering
2x Domain of Evernight
2x Elder Impersonation
2x Faceless Night
2x Lost in Crowds
2x Spying Mission
3x Veil the Legions

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Action Modifier/Reaction (2)
2x Gift of Sleep

Reaction (14)
4x Eyes of Argus
2x My Enemy's Enemy
3x On the Qui Vive
5x Telepathic Misdirection

Event (1)
1x Uncoiling, The -- hate needing to have a bullet to shoot down other bullets