Journey to Stockholm: Love Boat II
Baltic Sea, Finland
September 6th 2019
2R+F
13 players
Tero Aalto
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9365

-- 1GW3 + 5VP in final

Deck Name: Dogleash

After soldiering through the whole Paris Week of Nightmares with one single
deck (The unnamed), it was high time to change into something else for the
Swedish Nationals trip. I didn't land very far away, though, because the deck I
chose wasn't only based on my old signature deck but also emplyed quite a few
Baali friends.

One of my motives was to try and make the most of the last chances to play
Parity Shift in its old form. I was expecting violent metas (and was right), so
I decided to improve the combat defense by including Unleashes. The previous
versions had included Scout Youngwood, and Arishat as the only Baali, but I
decided the other Baalis would do just fine, and their specials would come
handy (I used all of them, too).

The preliminary rounds of the tournament were very difficult with rush decks
all around. In the second round, I brought up my first minion after an hour and
50 minutes, just to be immediately rushed and eaten. Luckily though, I had
somehow managed to win the first game and squeezed into the final as the last
seed.

In the final, more or less everything went my way. Khursid behind me wasn't
drawing his Legionnaires and the weenie Auspex in front of me couldn't match my
consistent five-stealth actions. I was in no danger whatsoever during the whole
game and just rolled into a completely unexpected sweep.

Crypt (12 cards, min=26, max=36, avg=7.83)
------------------------------------------
4x Dmitra Ilyanova          9  CEL FOR POT PRE obf  justicar  Brujah:5
2x Annazir                  9  DAI OBF POT PRE      2 votes   Baali:5
2x Karen Suadela            7  CEL POT obf pre      prince    Brujah:5
2x Xeper, Sultan of Lepers  7  OBF PRE ani dai pro            Baali:6
2x Arishat                  6  DAI OBF PRE          1 vote    Baali:6

Library (69 cards)
Master (14; 6 trifle)
1x Creepshow Casino
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
2x Legendary Vampire
2x Obfuscate
6x Villein

Action (6)
3x Entrancement
3x Unleash Hell's Fury

Political Action (17)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancilla Empowerment
1x Conservative Agitation
5x Kine Resources Contested
5x Parity Shift
4x Reckless Agitation

Action Modifier (25)
4x Awe
3x Elder Impersonation
5x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x I am Legion
5x Lost in Crowds
6x Voter Captivation

Combat (7)
5x Majesty
2x Staredown