Week of Nightmares 2019 Event 5
Columbus, Ohio
June 11th 2019
2R+F
18 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9138

-- 1GW4 + 3VP in final

Deck Name: (Death) Stars of the Stage

Description: Daughters Death Star variant.

Update of the classic Matthew Morgan Death Star with newer Anarch cards and a
switch to Daughters of Cacophony. I played an earlier version of this deck last
Week of Nightmares and squeaked into a final with it, but the deck was not
nearly resilient enough. Darby Keeney suggested adding more Conductors and the
sect change for Embraces allowed me to ditch Seattle Committee and Twilight
Camp for better Masters.

In Round 1, I was sandwiched in between Alex and Mark. I had a brief window
where Alex was a 10 pool and I drew my first Revolutionary Council. With Alex's
prey at 1 pool, I had to go for the vote. Mark was showing sporadic intercept
and managed to catch me. My game went downhill quickly as they teamed-up to
bounce Alonso Petrodon to me.

Round 2 was much better, but a slow game with 3 vote decks, so there was lots
of talking. My prey had a Legendary, Cardinal-Benedicted Isouda get
decapitated, so I was mostly in a good position, but with very little card
movement, I was mostly a horde-bleed deck. First Tradition hit the table and
locked quite a few Methuselahs. I was able to work successfully because I had
an un-Converted Yseult, calling my prey's Black Forest Base vote. The game
somewhat devolved from there and I ended with 4 VPs.

Alex Romano (Group 4/5 Nos Royalty) ->
Mark Loughman (Emerald Legionnaire) ->
Kelly Schultz (The unnamed w/Maleficia) ->
Me ->
Ben Peal (Black Hand toolbox)

I chose to sit as Kelly's prey not remembering what he was playing. The good
thing about The unnamed was that it took him several turns to get it in play. I
had a good opening crypt draw and got Yseult and Angela Preston early. The
Embraces came up quickly.

Mark got Erlik and Erebus, a few Legionnaires and some guns, but spent way too
much. Alex scored an early VP. I never blocked The unnamed and fortunately it
never got the Enkil Cog. I tried to keep my pool total high enough via Con Boon
and for the most part was in good shape. I called my first Revolutionary
Council vote for 14, all pool damage to my prey. Then, using Firebrand unlocked
and call two Con Boons. Unfortunately each ended via Evil Eye, resulting in no
pool gain.

On my next turn, I started with 4 pool. Losing 1 to Contagion and paying 1 more
pool to recycle Revolutionary Council via Garibaldi-Meucci Museum, leaving me
at 2 pool. Ben was at 7 and the vote should have been easy to pass with
Conductor, 2 Barons, 3 Firebrands, and Bastielle Opera House (22 votes), but I
stupidly put The Coven in play on my previous turn, which meant that Kelly's
Horde with Malificia gained blood without having to lock.

I stymied my own oust, as the Horde Evil-Eyed the vote. I spent the next few
actions trying to cycle into some kind of oust, including running Angela
through several different Baron titles, bleeding, calling other votes, but my
math always came up 1 pool short. So, I looked backwards and Kelly was within
range of the the Dominate. A quick deal with Alex was hatched and I called a
Lily Prelude at inferior putting all 4 points on my predator.

Ben gets up to 10 pool and then Alex lunges. He hits Unleash Hell's Fury first,
but manages to finish him off with the other two vampires. I'm sure if another
action were available to him, I would have been off the table as well. Instead,
I start my turn with 2 pool, paying 1 to recur Revolutionary Council again and
call it to oust Ben. I send an Embrace over to burn the vampire in torpor, but
instead burn Warsaw Station. I send a bleed of 1 over to grab the Edge.

Alex plays another Station (his pool is around 20 at this point). He sends in a
bleed with Alonso Petrodon, boosting it to 5 and gets Archoned. He takes a
couple of tool up actions, including Heroic Might. After rushing one of my
Barons into torpor, he passes the turn back to me. Edge pays to grab the
Revolutionary Council again and I easily pass it, leaving Alex at 6 or 7 pool.

Alex plays Pentex on my remaining Baron (Angela) and rushes my only other
"real" Daughter. She survives via Majesty and he attempts to leave defenders.
Alex told me after that he was cycling, looking for a Sudden as he expected me
to play Pentex. I start my turn with 4 pool and all of my remaining cards in my
hand. I play Pentex and there's no Sudden, so we're contesting. I call my other
Revolutionary Council vote, hitting 3 stealth as I bypass his standing vampire.
I had the Daring the Dawn in hand at this point, but in case something went
wrong I wanted her out-of-torpor. The last vote succeeds and I take the table
3-2.

Crypt (13 cards, min=4, max=23, avg=3.31)
-----------------------------------------
5x Anarch Convert                  1  -none-           Caitiff:ANY
2x Yseult                          6  FOR MEL PRE      Daughter of Cacophony:3
2x Angela Preston                  5  MEL PRE for      Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Gaël Pilet                      6  FOR MEL chi pre  Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Delilah Monroe                  4  MEL for pre      Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Céleste, The Voice of a Secret  3  mel pre          Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Muse                            3  ani for mel      Daughter of Cacophony:2

Library (77 cards)
Master (15; 1 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad -- permanent stealth variety so useful to get one early
1x Archon Investigation -- critical to finals win
1x Barrens, The -- critical to finals win; used ~11-13 times
1x Bastille Opera House
1x Carfax Abbey -- golden when running Barons
1x Command Performance -- never put into play today; useful in past
4x Conductor -- required to make this deck run
1x Coven, The
1x Creepshow Casino
1x Garibaldi-Meucci Museum -- Revolutionary Council recursion makes this deck go
1x Paris Opera House
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion

Action (12)
7x Embrace, The
1x Fee Stake: Boston
1x Fee Stake: Corte
1x Fee Stake: Los Angeles
1x Fee Stake: New York
1x Fee Stake: Perth

Political Action (17)
1x Anarchist Uprising -- added last minute; never used
4x Consanguineous Boon -- preferable over Benefit Concert since you can vote other clans
1x Domain Challenge -- added last minute; better per minion vote since you breed
2x Eat the Rich -- really great card
3x Firebrand
4x Lily Prelude
2x Revolutionary Council -- like having every Palla Grande bleed hit; so powerful

Action Modifier (22)
2x Bewitching Oration -- should probably be something else: Echo of Harmonies?
2x Change of Target
2x Cryptic Rider -- bypasses Delaying Tactics
1x Daring the Dawn
4x Freak Drive
6x Missing Voice, The
1x Virtuosa
4x Voter Captivation

Action Modifier/Reaction (7)
7x Madrigal -- great for putting blood back on "real" Daughters; power Firebrands

Combat (4)
4x Majesty