Week of Nightmares 2019 Event 3
Columbus, Ohio
June 10th 2019
2R+F
16 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9136

-- 1GW5 + 2VP in final

Deck Name: Propaganda Moves
Created by: Karl Schaefer & Ke Carlton

Description: Night Moves + Propaganda.

I played this online several times and liked the basic concept. Big thanks to Ke
for helping tune this deck. It worked beautifully today until the finals. Round 1
finshed in 37:30 with a sweep at a four-player table. Round 2 gave me an additional
VP, which tied me for second-place. Both rounds were helped immensely by a first
turn Information Highway. As usual, I lost the die roll, so I was third seed going
into the finals.

Seating:
Me ->
Conner Bell (Legacy of Pander) ->
Mark Loughman (KS Stealth Bleed) ->
John Pattie (Tremere with Potence toolbox) ->
Alex Romano (Henry Taylor Twister)

I ended up exactly where I wanted. I knew if Alex could get set up that none of the
decks at the table would be able to oust him. So, I was hoping to let Mark get John
off the table and out-race the eventual Smiling Jack to get 2 VPs and win on seeding.

My opening crypt draw was awful, containing no Anarch Converts. I had to dig twice
just to find the first one. So, there was a lot of early discarding of unplayable
cards. Fortunately, the Legacy deck never got one into play, which would have made
my victory impossible. Mark made somewhat quick work of John. In the four-player,
Alex allowed me to call two Diversity, which gave me 12 pool and Alex 8, with Mark
and Conner only gaining 2 pool each. I think it was a mistake for Alex to allow these
votes to go through.

The rest of the game was me crashing into Conner's vampires sometimes with stealth,
sometimes slap fighting. Eventually I oust Conner and continue against Mark in the
same way. Alex tried to deal with Mark to oust me and go heads up, but Alex was
already set up. Mark kept trying to make forward progress, even getting Alex to 3 pool.
Eventually, I got Mark next and conceded my VP to Alex, since I had no way of getting by
Henry Taylor.

I won on seeding in a 2-2-1 result.

Crypt (13 cards, min=4, max=10, avg=1.69)
-----------------------------------------
6x Anarch Convert              1  -none-   Caitiff:ANY
1x Ali Kar                     3  obf qui  Assamite:3
1x Milo, The Invisible Horror  3  aus obf  Malkavian:3
1x Bloodfeud                   2  obf      Malkavian antitribu:4
1x Denette Stensen             2  obf      Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Hanna Redmonds              2  obf tha  Caitiff:3
1x Krid                        2  obf      Nosferatu:3
1x Old Neddacka                2  obf      Nosferatu antitribu:4

Library (60 cards)
Master (14; 2 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad -- never used
1x Archon Investigation -- not used all day
6x Ashur Tablets -- recycled once, not critical
1x Fear of Mekhet -- didn't see IC or Justicar
2x Information Highway -- another may be warranted
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
2x Wash -- extremely handy, more?

Action (10)
10x Night Moves

Political Action (16)
4x Diversity
2x Domain Challenge
5x Eat the Rich
5x Kine Resources Contested

Action Modifier (19)
1x Cloak the Gathering
3x Cryptic Rider
1x Faceless Night
3x Forgotten Labyrinth
3x Memory Rift -- can be cycled on any action
7x Propaganda of the Deed
1x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (1)
1x Swallowed by the Night