11th Hiekkaharju Nightmares
Vantaa, Finland
October 12th 2019
3R+F
18 players
Lasse Pöyry
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9397

-- 2GW8.5 + 3vp in final

Deck Name: Xendil multirush with baby-snakes

Finals seating was:

Lasse Pöyry (Hatch the Viper rush)
-> Petri Wessman (Illegalism Anarch bleed)
-> Pauli Tuomiluoma (Ravnos Animalism combat)
-> Matias Frosterus (Anarch for + dom toolbox)
-> Jyri Puhakka (Dementation bleed toolbox)

First round was 4 players, everything went smoothly. My predator was Montano
Purge, prey was Lasombra (toolboxy). I had to allow one point to cross table,
but was happy to get 1+3 from first round.

Second round was difficult. It was obvious from the start that the table would
time out. Didn't do a single action backwards and I was able to get 1.5 point
in the end. Prey was a wall, kind of - Tzimmie starter played by Esku. I had
some difficulties getting snakes to Xendil, but early temptation but forward
helped. Predator was Nana+Nangila, but I was lucky I guess, that grandprey was
able to torporize them every now and then.

Third round went really well. My predator was MMPA deck that didn't bring any
minions for many many rounds. I was able to go forward from the beginning and
torporized every minion my prey had. Also I was able to equip Xendil with
goggles before standing next to grandpreys Howler. Didn't have difficulties in
combat then, and in the end table was clean from minions other than mine. Oh,
and I did get to use book of going forth by night to steal Rock Cat, which was
cool but didn't really contribute to victory. 1+4 for me.

I decided to have same prey than round 3 in the finals and sit in front of
Jyris Dementation bleed. I thought that I could let Petri bleed some and then
get rid of his minions, hopefully getting 2 points. Didn't go as planned - had
some difficulties finding rushes, had to defend my own pool and Petri ousted
his prey relly quickly. When there was only half an hour left, I figured that I
should help Matias oust Jyri. That would make it more difficult to Petri to get
a second point, it would't change anything for me - I still needed to get Petri
out. I had one good round which did the trick - four rushes forward torporizing
at least 3 (maybe 4, not sure) Tension was in the table and then bleeding with
Codex was enough to oust Petri. Matias made one more effort against me and then
raised his hands.

About the deck: I made the deck day before tournament so it wasn't tested. It was surprisingly solid. I didn't use Heidelberg in any rounds. Possible changes would be removing Dreams and Heidelberg, adding wall street maybe (Dreams is too easily contested and card flow is quite ok). Fleetnes was actually important so maybe another one. Under Siege and Mantle of Bestial Majesty are other key cards.

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=28, avg=5.42)
------------------------------------------
5x Xendil Charmer  7  CEL PRO SER obf  priscus  Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Luke Fellows    7  CEL OBF PRO               Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Spider          6  CEL PRO ani for           Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Alex Camille    5  PRO cel for obf           Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Charlie Tyne    4  obf pro ser               Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Joseph Fischer  3  PRO                       Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Lula Burch      3  for pro                   Gangrel antitribu:4
1x New Blood       2  san                       Blood Brother:ANY

Library (90 cards)
Master (11; 6 trifle)
1x Carver's Meat Packing and Storage
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Failsafe
1x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
1x Perfectionist
1x Tension in the Ranks
4x Vessel
1x Wider View

Action (22)
2x Abbot
1x Ambush
1x Big Game
3x Bum's Rush
1x Fleetness
2x Harass
4x Mantle of the Bestial Majesty
3x Marked Territory
2x Rumble
1x Temptation
2x Under Siege

Equipment (4)
1x Book of Going Forth by Night, The
1x Codex of the Edenic Groundskeepers
1x Ivory Bow
1x Light Intensifying Goggles

Retainer (10)
9x Hatch the Viper
1x Mr. Winthrop

Action Modifier (12)
2x Cloak the Gathering
1x Earth Control
9x Instantaneous Transformation

Action Modifier/Combat (1)
1x Resist Earth's Grasp

Combat (30)
9x Earth Meld
1x Form of Mist
10x Psyche!
1x Pursuit
1x Sideslip
8x Taste of Vitae