Restoration: Newark
Heath, Ohio
May 16th 2021
2R+F
12 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9786

-- 1GW4 + 3VP in final

Deck Name: Zurich Fellowship
Created by: Karl Schaefer
Description: Faye Reppas was playing a really cool Luke Fellows/Xendil Charmer multi-act deck. I
was toying with some Powerbase: Zurich decks at the time and Luke, with his special, seems like a
perfect fit. The deck is highly aggressive, but being !Gangrel doesn't appear to be a table threat
immediately. I had previously played this in an online event taking first seed, but was stymied by
Veil of Darkness.

Today was very strange. Luke made no appearance in the opening rounds, even after getting at least
one decrypt in each round. In the finals, Powerbase: Zurich showed up too late to be useful. The
deck, however, proved resilient. I was second seed for the final round.

The finals seating:
Jeff aus cel obf gun block/rush ->
Me ->
Mark Toreador w/for ->
Brad BH Assamite S/B ->
Alex Assamite Breed/Boon

The finals were over pretty quickly with so much bleed and vote on the table. In turn 7, my Denette
was Fame-dunked. She had Tasha, J.S., and a Camera Phone. Judgment: Camarilla Segration was in play
so I contemplated burning her, but instead chose to rescue her with Lubomira, who wasn't going to
be a good bleeder against my prey. I used Heidelberg Castle to split the retainers to Old Neddacka,
leaving the Phone on Denette, and splitting the blood. I was able to get Mark down to 1 pool.

Mark ousts Brad via a bleed with Judgment: Cam Seg putting the final nail in his coffin. Alex fires
off two Loss bleeds and calls a KRC, ousting Jeff.

On my turn, Powerbase: Zurich finally hits play in the finals. My prey is at 9 pool. I have 4
vampires: Luke, Lubomira, Old Ned, and Denette. Lubomira hunts. Between the gear and Heidelberg
Castle, I send in a 2, a 3, and a 4 bleed, ousting Mark.

Even though Alex was playing a breed deck, his opening crypt was all large vampires, so he only had
3 larger vampires in play. He finally gets two Embraces in play, but doesn't draw and pool gain. He
has 11 pool when I start my turn. I am showing 12 bleed on the table and it's over. It was a flurry
of ousts over two turns and the game was done.

Notes on playing:
You only need 3-4 Instantaneous Transformation unlocks with Luke. His extra unlock every turn is
already powerful. The rest can be used as stealth.

There are a lot of Masters. You must use your discard phase every turn; you do not want to jam on
Master cards.

Crypt (13 cards, min=11, max=28, avg=5.08)
------------------------------------------
5x Luke Fellows     7  CEL OBF PRO      Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Morrow the Sage  6  OBF PRO cel vic  Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Alex Camille     5  PRO cel for obf  Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Synner-G         5  CEL OBF pro      Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Jeffrey Mullins  4  OBF cel          Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Skulk            4  OBF ani          Nosferatu antitribu:5
1x Lubomira Hradok  3  OBF              Nosferatu antitribu:5
1x Denette Stensen  2  obf              Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Old Neddacka     2  obf              Nosferatu antitribu:4

Library (61 cards)
Master (17; 6 trifle)
1x Abombwe
2x Archon Investigation
1x Ennoia's Theater
2x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
5x Powerbase: Zürich
1x Twisted Forest
4x Villein
1x Wider View

Action (6)
5x Clotho's Gift
1x Conceal

Equipment (6)
4x Camera Phone
1x Gran Madre di Dio, Italy
1x Signet of King Saul, The

Retainer (3)
1x J. S. Simmons, Esq.
1x Robert Carter
1x Tasha Morgan

Action Modifier (21)
2x Elder Impersonation
4x Faceless Night
9x Instantaneous Transformation
4x Lost in Crowds
2x Veil the Legions

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Swallowed by the Night

Combat (5)
1x Earth Meld
4x Form of Mist