Old Friends: Newark
Heath (OH), USA
July 25th 2021
2R+F
13 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9809

-- 1GW5 + 2vp in final

Deck Name: Dirty Nights
Description: Night Moves + Inside Dirt

A fun day with a little luck thrown in.

Round 1: I swept a 5-player table. Going fourth gave me the right set up against the large vampire
decks in front of me. My predator was a bruise-bleed deck that I managed to mostly ignore because
of the pool gain from the ousts. The star card this round was Millicent Smith, which I dropped in
the two player. I could stealth by blocks and he could not. It sealed the sweep.

Round 2: I sat prey of a speed War Ghoul deck. It went about as expected. I lost a minion a turn,
but had my prey as close as 2 pool before finally succumbing.

I was first seed for the finals. Knowing what the other decks were playing I was unsure that any
of them could be fast enough or robust enough to stop the speed War Ghoul deck. I chose to sit as
the predator of that deck hoping that the burn blood effect on Inside Dirt would prevent any
War Ghouls from getting into play. (I never actually used that effect all day.)

Finals seating:
Mark Loughman: AAA Aching Beauty ->
Brad Cashdollar: Stanislava ->
Jay Kristoff: Black Hand block ->
Me: Inside Dirt ->
Bill Troxel: Speed War Ghoul

Bill had a bad crypt draw and did not get a Tzimisce on turn one. I opened with two Clotho's Gift
in hand and instead of attempting any forward actions ensured that I got extra crypt cards as fast
as possible. Bill was without a War Ghoul for several turns, but instead of using my first Inside
Dirt to empty a vampire I decided that I had enough vampires in play and would rather Bill spend
the pool. Bill finally gets a War Ghoul. At the start of his next turn, he is at 7 pool and I have
5 vampires in play. He plays The Parthenon (for a cycle) and then locks it for Dia de los Muetos. I
Wash the latter. I lose an empty Lubomira to a War Ghoul rush. Bill spends 3 more pool on another
War Ghoul leaving himself at 2 pool. He then calls Autorkis Persecution. Mark had vote lock. Both
Bill and I both attempted to negotiate with Mark; Bill won the negotiations. So, I Delayed the
vote. Bill had a Cryptic Rider and a second Autarkis in hand. I never would have ousted him had
those passed. He managed to cycle into a Con Boon and ended his turn with 4 pool. Mark is close to
ousting Brad, calling Parity Shift and giving Bill 2 pool. Next turn I manage to oust Bill with my 4
remaining vampires. Mark ousts Brad. After another turn, Mark sits at 6 pool. I play Night Moves and
follow that with Inside Dirt. Jay plays Eagle Sight, attempting to block. I play superior Forgotten
Labyrinth and a Spying Mission. Jay DI's the Spying Mission and I follow up with a Cloak. Jay
declines to block. A Night Moves and a stealthed bleed later, I oust Mark.

I have two cards left in my library. I concede my VP to Jay winning the 2-2-1 split on seeding.

Crypt (12 cards, min=8, max=18, avg=3.25)
-----------------------------------------
2x Lubomira Hradok  3  OBF              Nosferatu antitribu:5
1x Frank Litzpar    5  OBF ani for pot  Nosferatu antitribu:4
1x Skidmark         5  FOR OBF aus pot  Nosferatu antitribu:4
1x Aaron Bathurst   4  for obf pot      Nosferatu antitribu:4
1x Jeffrey Mullins  4  OBF cel          Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Skulk            4  OBF ani          Nosferatu antitribu:5
1x Blister          3  obf pot          Nosferatu antitribu:4
1x Alu              2  obf              Assamite:5
1x Bloodfeud        2  obf              Malkavian antitribu:4
1x Denette Stensen  2  obf              Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Old Neddacka     2  obf              Nosferatu antitribu:4

Library (69 cards)
Master (13; 6 trifle)
2x Archon Investigation
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Millicent Smith, Puritan Vampire Hunter
1x Nosferatu Kingdom
3x Villein
3x Wash

Action (28)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal
3x Clotho's Gift
3x Computer Hacking
10x Inside Dirt
11x Night Moves

Ally (1)
1x Mylan Horseed

Political Action (1)
1x Domain Challenge

Action Modifier (18)
3x Cloak the Gathering
3x Faceless Night
2x Forgotten Labyrinth
1x Freak Drive
3x Lost in Crowds
2x Marked Path
4x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (4)
2x Delaying Tactics
2x On the Qui Vive

Event (1)
1x Narrow Minds