Gothenburg Umbrage
Gothenburg, Sweden
November 9th 2002
10 players
Sten Düring

Deck Name: Master Madness

Description: Getting as many master-phase-actions as possible. Empty
your vamps and don't be shy to use Rosslers speacial and Information
Highway together. Tap Anson, Golconda Anson (using his special to do so)
and bring a new Anson in play. The Baali can help with additional
master-phase actions.

Try avoiding trickling out your revolts as you'll need two or three in
one go to finish the game.

Golconda is also an offensive card. You're the only one who need large
vampires - the rest of the table can use the pool, especially your predator.

You win with the revolts and you need the massive bloat to make your
Life Boons count.

Even though it will eat on your nerves, to chose when to play without
any vampires at all is definitely what changes a loss to a win. On
average I'll sit close to a third of any given game without any
controlled minions.

Votes are a problem, as is any weenie-predator.

68 Mastercards is a bit low, and I think one each of Obedience,
Wake and Deflection could go. I'd also remove Legendary Vampire.
Replace with three Archon Investigation and one Tension in the
Ranks. Maybe also replace one Information Highway and one The
Barrens with two Dreams of the Sphinx.

Crypt (12 cards, min=32, max=40, avg=8.83)
------------------------------------------
6x Anson             8  CEL PRE aus dom          prince        Toreador:1
3x Ingrid Rossler    9  ANI FOR PRO dom          prince        Gangrel:2
2x Huitzilopochtli  10  AUS DAI DOM OBF POT PRE                Baali:2
1x Arika            11  DOM FOR OBF PRE aus cel  inner circle  Ventrue:2

Library (90 cards)
Master (68)
10x Anarch Revolt
1x Antediluvian Awakening
1x Art Museum
3x Barrens, The
1x Brothers Grimm
1x Club Zombie
1x Ecoterrorists
1x Elysium: The Arboretum
1x Elysium: The Palace of Versailles
1x Giant's Blood
13x Golconda: Inner Peace
6x Information Highway
1x KRCG News Radio
1x Legendary Vampire
4x Life Boon
1x London Evening Star, Tabloid Newspaper
9x Minion Tap
6x Parthenon, The
1x Protected Resources
1x Rumor Mill, Tabloid Newspaper, The
4x Sudden Reversal

Reaction (22)
8x Deflection
8x Obedience
6x Wake with Evening's Freshness