Dominion
Glen Burnie, Maryland
January 10th 2004
20 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Rachel Brandyclaws

Description: Stealth bleed with Protean for combat defense/offense.
Bleed for 2 or 3 at stealth. Use Form of Mist to minimize bounce
potential. Rotschreck rushers and odds are they won't rush again
soon.

Never saw Kite or Dolphin Black, but Tony showed up in every game, I
think. I originally had only 3 Rachels and 1 Imogen (the only other
Malk/!Malk with protean & dementation), but ultimately decided to drop
the crappy Imogen for a 4th Rachel, improving my chances of drawing
her.

Never used the hunting grounds. My Blood Dolls always clumped (had
them all early in the first round, but never saw them in the finals).
The skill cards came in handy, Sudden less so. I managed a Giant's
Blood on empty Rachel in round 1, but wasn't able to use it in later
rounds (usually because someone else beat me to it).

I Rotschrecked Tzimisce a few times, which gave me a real sense of
satisfaction.:)

The Dreams are absolutely essential. Combined with Rachel's ability,
they're just amazing. I also got them early enough the final to have
Rachel on turn two. If I hadn't had that many Dreams, I would've
probably not gotten a single VP all day as I would've been hand-jammed
nearly all the time.

Blessing of Chaos and Restructure were prayer cards, but Blessing
enabled me to oust Josh very early in the finals as he couldn't play
Voter Captivation. I managed to Restructure a War Ghoul in round 3.
That ended up being the round I lost, but the War Ghoul was
instrumental in helping me oust my first prey.

The utility of Kindred Spirits goes without saying. The pool gain
from them kept me alive as I was almost never blocked. I considered
adding more The Call, but four of them turned out very well as I
consistently drew them when I wanted them.

The three Deranges (all I own) ended up being only a minor annoyance
as there weren't an titled vamps for me to change sects on and most
people didn't bother trying to move the Deranges around.

Six Eyes of Chaos proved to be a very good number and gave me fairly
consistent good bleed without jamming my hand on modifiers. The rest
of the stealth (18 cards counting the Swalloweds) were pretty good. I
was able to sneak past wall decks on occasion. I never used Spying
Mission for "responsible bleeding" because most of the time when I was
bounced, I ended up ousting my prey soon enough anyway and it was good
to have my next prey softened up.

Never had a good opportunity for it, but I think it's good in theory.

Seems like it might not be enough, considering my vampires are huge,
but the Dreams cycling and Kindred Spirits pool gain compensates well
enough.

I was expecting more combat and this proved to be too much, but again
the Dreams cycling saved me again. The Forms of Mist were great for
getting past Eternally Vigilant Cailean or just for tapping a blocker.
Better than pain "responsible bleeding," this card helped my bleeds
hit their target.

The Flesh of Marble helped out a lot when I was getting rushed by a
War Ghoul in round two.

Mostly used for stealth. I maneuvered a couple times just to cycle them.

Crypt (12 cards, min=22, max=40, avg=7.67)
------------------------------------------
4x Rachel Brandywine	 10  AUS DEM OBF PRO ani  prince   Malkavian:3
2x Rodolfo		 8   AUS DEM OBF pro	  bishop   Malkavian antitribu:3
1x Kite			 7   AUS DEM obf pre	  bishop   Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Korah		 7   AUS DEM OBF ani	  priscus  Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Dolphin Black	 6   AUS DEM OBF	  	   Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Tony			 6   AUS DEM dom obf	  	   Malkavian:3
1x Colonel, The		 5   AUS cel dem obf	  	   Malkavian antitribu:3
1x General Perfidio Díos 5   AUS dem obf	  bishop   Malkavian antitribu:3

Library (90 cards)
Master (16)
1x Asylum Hunting Ground
4x Blood Doll
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
1x Institution Hunting Ground
3x Protean
2x Rötschreck
1x Sudden Reversal

Action (18)
1x Blessing of Chaos
4x Call, The
3x Derange
9x Kindred Spirits
1x Restructure

Political Action (1)
1x Parity Shift

Action Modifier (22)
4x Cloak the Gathering
6x Eyes of Chaos
4x Faceless Night
4x Lost in Crowds
4x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (4)
4x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (13)
7x Telepathic Misdirection
6x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (16)
6x Claws of the Dead
4x Flesh of Marble
6x Form of Mist