GenCon - Shadow Twin
Indianapolis (IN), USA
August 21st 2004
3R+F
19 players
Ankur Gupta
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/oVShk-Cn-tA

Deck Name: Kamut Krisp

Begin Ankur's comments]

The deck name is from an unusually terrifying cereal of the same name.
A version of this deck was in the !Nosferatu newsletter from
March 2004. Peter Bajika and I must share a brain, as he independently
and simultaneously posted another very similar version of this deck in
the Nosferatu newsletter in the same month. (This is probably bad, since
it means I'm vulnerable to employing the Bajika Gambit. . . .) The deck
is essentially a strong mix of intercept deterrent combat and bleeding
at stealth. The mid/end game is strongly affected by the presence of
the Thuggees, who exist to torpor key minions with low blood (which will
be the case in the mid/end game). All of a sudden, the hit for three with
the lid is extremely relevant for any deck without prevention. The deck
truly locks into high gear with a Sabbat prey. A Sabbat predator isn't
bad either.

Here are some comments on deck construction:

Of the vampires in the crypt I least like Tarbaby Jack, as his special
isn't of great use to me. I have considered doubling up (or tripling up)
on virtually every vampire in the crypt aside from Piotr and Ingram, but
ultimately made no change in order to minimize bad crypt draw. . . . .
Probably the best choice to replace him is another Kazimir, though Mariano
Pomposo and Soldat aren't horrible choices either (but you lose the use
of the Nosferatu Kingdom and the Information Network for these swaps).
Usually, everyone thinks Ingram is the best vampire in the crypt, but
they just happen to all be wrong. Piotr consistently gains about 16-20
pool for the deck before he bites it. He is the hoss of all that is
good and holy, but not worth three copies. You may notice that Peter
and I share the same crypt. I originally had Korah in place of Quira,
but once I saw his version of the deck, I decided that Peter made good
sense on the choice and switched.

I tried to make it an 80 card deck, but in most games, I do a good job
of using most of the deck, so 90 cards seems to be the lesser of two
evils -- I'd rather flow cards slightly more poorly than not have cards
to flow. (Though, incidentally, this logic only works if you're decking
yourself quite often.) Kaymakli Nightmares and Info Highway were included
to handle a problem that I often seemed to face with this deck: too much
free pool in my uncontrolled region. I wanted to access that pool faster
with these cards. If I happen to draw an early Kaymakli (instead of the
late draw I'm hoping for), it can really slow down other decks and
increases the value of the less enabled vampires in the crypt -- Piotr,
Roger, and the Colonel.

Remover is the most golden card ever. It effectively serves as stealth
for the Thuggees without using the precious little stealth I have, as
well as forcing my prey to use wakes. Weeping Stone was the best
decision I made among the masters. Not sure about the Nosferatu Kingdom,
though it's probably solid math to keep it. I often have to fish to see
my second !Nosferatu, but then again, I fish quite often anyway.
I guess it makes good use of the extra Ingrams. I'd like to fit in an
extra Corporeal Reservoir if possible. I considered Perfectionist, but
this is a deck that not only doesn't necessarily need it, but really
*really* doesn't want it. I don't want to give anyone any incentive to
block/deflect anything I do. It's critical that they take the small
bleeds and let the small bloat through. Momentum's Edge, on the other
hand, *is* a card that would go quite well in this deck. Perhaps it
is the swap for Nosferatu Kingdom. Dunno, though, since if the deck
has ousted, it's probably doing just fine, but if it's not, you can
still gain pool from Nosferatu Kingdom.

I have exactly one Stunt Cycle in the deck, primarily as anti-Ivory
Bow tech. Never saw the dratted thing all day, and I really really
wanted it the final -- it would have saved me a trip to torpor.
Probably not worth a second copy, though, as I'd rather have dependable
damage most of the time. Aura Reading saved my butt at both levels
in many games.

Art of Memory is the best card in the whole freaking deck. I ousted
several times only as a result of this card. It's stealth, combat,
or actions -- whatever you need most -- that you decide *after* you
draw into your replacements and see how the attempted action played
out. Hell, you can even slap them on a bleed for one. They probably
won't even attempt to block, because they figure you have stealth in
your hand that you'll just take back and use on the next action. An
outstanding card. I toyed with adding more, but they might be wasted
slots. (Jamming on them is unlikely as you can cycle them on anything.)
I basically want one in my hand, and I pre-emptively use it before my
hand turns into utter crap and needs to be flushed with Aura Reading
/ Admonitions. Incidentally, the timing of getting back Admonitions
around the table synchs up well with the Arts. I royally screwed up
the use of the Admonitions in the final, though. (Sorry Will!)

I struggled a lot with the choice of intercept. Six Ministries is
usually about one too many, but I always want to have one in my hand;
six Misdirections irritates me, as I feel all sleazy and gooey when I
bounce. But it's there nonetheless. Ideally, I'd almost like another
Spirit's Touch for the maneuver, but I can't imagine what I'd drop
for it. Ministry isn't a good trade, since any chump can use it (today,
Chump = Teresita or Tarbaby), and is a whole lot of intercept at once.
I forgot to swap out two Wakes for two Forced Awakenings, which I think
would have helped me out a couple of times.

Also, I really wanted more stealth in the deck for those situations
when I'm bleeding a non-Sabbat prey. Adding another Cloak and
another Swallowed (or maybe two Swalloweds to also address the
Spirit's Touch problem) would satisfy me, I think. Dunno what I
would/could drop for it. Maybe one Kamut for one Swallowed to start
with, but then the deck would be less capable of bloating
mindlessly and being named after a cereal. ;)

Another interesting solution to my lack of stealth was suggested by
R. Brian Smith and I think might just work if done well --
Derange your prey to make them Sabbat. I have enough Malk Antis in
the crypt to support such an idea, and it's probably worth it
to slot in 2-3 Deranges in total. The trick is just to find a small
enough target, since Derange only works on younger vampires.
(Ironically enough, this might justify swapping back to Korah.)
Even if you can't use it on your immediate prey, if someone is
deranged down the line, it'll be good for you in the end. It has the
side benefits of:
a) introducing a (D) action that might be directed at you to block,
b) either forcing them to have wakes or burning blood off of vampires
(which give the Thuggees more tasty targets), and
c) eliminating dangerous votes from the table.

[End Ankur's comments

Crypt (12 cards, min=13, max=29, avg=5.5)
-----------------------------------------
3x Ingram Frizer            6  AUS OBF ani pot      Nosferatu antitribu:3
2x Teresita, The Godmother  7  ANI OBF POT for      Nosferatu antitribu:3
2x Piotr Andreikov          2  aus                  Tzimisce:3
1x Tarbaby Jack             8  ANI OBF POT dom ser  Nosferatu antitribu:3
1x Kazimir Savostin         7  AUS VIC ani pot      Tzimisce:3
1x Quira, The Bitch Queen   6  AUS OBF obt tha      Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Colonel, The             5  AUS cel dem obf      Malkavian antitribu:3
1x Roger Farnsworth         4  OBF aus              Malkavian antitribu:3

Library (90 cards)
Master (15; 3 trifle)
1x Admonitions, The
4x Blood Doll
3x Corporal Reservoir
1x Information Highway
1x Information Network
1x Kaymakli Nightmares
1x Nosferatu Kingdom
1x Remover
1x Watchtower: Four Ride Forth
1x Weeping Stone

Action (18)
9x Bloodwork
9x Reunion Kamut

Ally (6)
6x Marijava Thuggee

Action Modifier (10)
4x Art of Memory, The
6x Cloak the Gathering

Action Modifier/Combat (7)
7x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (25)
6x Ministry
5x Spirit's Touch
6x Telepathic Misdirection
8x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (8)
2x Aura Reading
1x Stunt Cycle
5x Thrown Sewer Lid

Event (1)
1x Unmasking, The