Thanks for the Donation
Games and Comics... and Stuff, Glen Burnie, Maryland
April 23rd 2005
3R+F
13 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Maureen and Heralds

Description: Use Maureen to get Heralds of Topheth at reduced cost.
Rush, bleed and deflect to victory. I would not have won, but it seems
everyone else decided to also go for "fun" decks over "good" decks.

This deck is a little at odds with my play style in that I normally
like to give my prey enough rope to hang himself with. When I get a
couple Heralds out, I really can't afford to sit around waiting for the
game to develop to my liking, but I still tend to try to play that way
anyway. I think I got lucky in that my predators in the first two
rounds and the final simply weren't able to do a lot to me.

Six copies of Maureen and I didn't draw her in my opening crypt in
the finals! I played six copies because I only expected to get out two
vampires due to the high cost of maintaining Heralds. Never got out
Assad or Black Lotus, but Catherine, Robin and Cristos did an admirable
job bouncing bleeds and bleeding.

I normally build 90 card decks just because I like to play a lot of
cards. This one probably could've gone down to 70 without any
problems. I never came close to decking myself at 78 cards. Obviously,
I didn't build this one at 90 because I wanted to draw the Heralds reliably.

I went for Legals over Conditionings because the Heralds can play
them. I don't think I ever had them play these as they were too busy
rushing. Contagion was key in round 1 for weakening the table to the
point where I could win with limited bleed power.

No superior obf in the crypt so I got blocked a few times.
Fortunately, I didn't face any heavy intercept except in round 2 when
my predator had Jaroslav with a Sport Bike and two intercept locations.
Lucky for me he couldn't draw enough Wakes to stop me from getting out
Heralds and also defend against his predator.

Didn't get much use out of Carlton or the Mystic, but they're good
in theory. The Heralds were great, even against the heavy combat other
decks were playing. The fact that they regenerate and can always hit
for 3 (plus play Conflagration!) meant I could wear down the opposition.
When one died, I'd just have Maureen get another. It's not the initial
cost that is prohibitive, it's the infernal tax.

Grapples were only important in round 1 when I preyed on a Majesty
deck. Otherwise, all the decks I faced were pretty dedicated to
dealing out pain rather than avoiding it. The Conflagrations were very
good, especially since Maureen can play them too. I might've added Disarms,
but didn't really need them. Hitting for 3 or 5 per combat is usually
sufficient.

Saved me in round 1 when my prey called an Ancilla Empowerment. If
I hadn't won that game, I wouldn't have had my choice of seat in the
finals. I had considered adding Dragonbound, but decided against it
because of how defenseless my vampires are in this deck. After the way
Josh's Dragonbound worked for me in the finals, I might reconsider
that.

I had luck with Giant's Blood, getting mine first most of the time.
Jake helped a lot as a free blocker (with Unmasking!). I don't think I ever
ate him. Fames gave me the table in round 2. Ruins was played
once, but I didn't get any use out of it. Mob Connections goes well
with Heralds, but I put a little too much effort into defending it in
round 3 and lost a Heralds to Lazverinus' mighty strike.

I was expecting heavy stealth bleed, so I jammed 10 Deflections into a 78
card deck. Instead I found heavy combat and so these weren't actually that
much use. Still, at the rate this deck hemmorages pool, bouncing bleeds of
1 is even worthwhile.

Crypt (12 cards, min=19 max=24 avg=5.42)
----------------------------------------
6x Maureen, Dark Priestess 6   DAI PRE dom obf      1 vote  Baali:4
2x Catherine du Bois       5   DOM for obf pre              Ventrue:3
1x Assad Salhoum           5   aus dem dom obf              Malkavian:4
1x Black Lotus             5   DOM aus obf ser              Follower of Set:4
1x Cristos Mantigo         5   aus cel dom obf pre          Toreador antitribu:3
1x Robin Withers           4   dom obf pre                  Ventrue:4

Library (78 cards)
Master (14)
5x Blood Doll
1x Charisma
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
2x Fame
1x Giant's Blood
1x Jake Washington
1x Mob Connections
1x Ruins of Charizel

Action (6)
1x Contagion
5x Legal Manipulations

Ally (10)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
8x Herald of Topheth
1x Vagabond Mystic

Action Modifier (10)
2x Cloak the Gathering
2x Domain of Evernight
2x Faceless Night
2x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x Lost in Crowds

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (16)
10x Deflection
6x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (19)
6x Conflagration
9x Immortal Grapple
4x Pounce

Event (1)
1x Unmasking, The