Origins Thursday 10am
Columbus, Ohio
June 30th 2005
2R+F
24 players
Ben Peal

Deck Name: EconoGhoul

BEN'S DECK NOTES:
I'd been thinking about building a War Ghoul deck for a while, but
acquiring the 10 of them that one needs for the usual 60-card version
looked to be a pain in the neck. So, I thought about applying the
tech developed with the Pochtli Twister deck, building a version that
was 30 or so cards, with half the War Ghouls, and padding out the deck
with burn option cards. This would save me from having to get more
War Ghouls, and I figured that it'd be extremely rare that an ally
rush decks would bring out 6 or more such allies anyway. When Mata
Hari was printed, I decided to build the deck, as she could take easy
advantage of Waste Management Operation and I liked the superior
Obfuscate. Josh Feuerstein then clued me into the fact that the
burn option cards could be D'habi Revenants, as they can be discarded
via burn option, and Mata Hari could employ them for use in creating
War Ghouls (though not for the bleed bonus). I ran with the idea
and included a variety of other burn option cards, such as Riddle
Phantastique and Chanjelin Ward. The deck proved to be highly
effective, the only worry being that Mata Hari might get immediately
rushed via Red List when she comes out, before a Secure Haven or
Chanjelin Ward could be put on her. As such I recommend dropping
a couple Obfuscate stealth cards and including a couple copies of
Mirror Image. Another discovery was how solid it was to bring back
Jake Washington via the Waste Management Operation, as it allows
you to stop one rushing minion cold every turn. Props to Josh
Feuerstein for the D'habi Revenant idea, and to Ruben Vidana Ramos
and Stephane Lavrut whose War Ghoul decks I used as references
(and to Lasombra Jeff for the TWD Archive!).

Crypt (12 cards, min=8, max=28, avg=4.75)
-----------------------------------------
6x Mata Hari	    7	CHI OBF aus for qui	2 votes	 Ravnos:4
1x Ana Rita Montaña 5	VIC aus dom obf			 Tzimisce:3
1x Denette Stensen  2	obf				 Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Hanna Redmonds   2	obf tha				 Caitiff:3
1x Krid		    2	obf				 Nosferatu:3
1x Piotr Andreikov  2	aus				 Tzimisce:3
1x Zip		    2	ani				 Ravnos:3

Library (62 cards)
Master (20)
2x Blood Doll
1x Brothers Grimm
4x Chanjelin Ward
1x Creepshow Casino
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fame
1x Fortune Teller Shop
1x Information Highway
2x Jake Washington
1x KRCG News Radio
1x Mob Connections
1x Secure Haven
1x Slaughterhouse, The
1x Tabriz Assembly
1x Waste Management Operation

Action (4)
4x Riddle Phantastique

Ally (5)
5x War Ghoul

Retainer (20)
17x D'habi Revenant
1x J. S. Simmons, Esq.
1x Mr. Winthrop
1x Tasha Morgan

Action Modifier (9)
2x Cloak the Gathering
1x Elder Impersonation
1x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x Grandest Trick, The
2x Lost in Crowds
1x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (1)
1x Swallowed by the Night

Combat (1)
1x Trap

Event (2)
1x Dragonbound
1x Unmasking, The