Origins Thursday 4pm
Columbus (OH), USA
June 30th 2005
2R+F
12 players
Ben Peal

Deck Name: Henry Twister

BEN'S DECK NOTES:
Around the time I was contemplating the EconoGhoul deck, I got into a
conversation on the #vtes irc channel (irc.sorcery.net) with David
Cherryholmes and others about Henry Taylor, and how obnoxious it can
be to put a Protean skill card on him and playing Earth Meld to protect
a Smiling Jack. This seemed like a great application of the Pochtli
Twister tech, so I decided to build the deck. I used Dirty Contracts
instead of Tracker's Marks, and included a Brothers Grimm, as the Dirty
Contracts could be used to protect the Brothers Grimm. Ruins of Villers
Abbey, Belgium and Quick Meld are in there for combat defense, as they're
extremely card-efficient sources of maneuvers (and the maneuvers from the
Ruins can be paid for with The Rack). Millicent Smith is there to slow
the rate of table progression down, while speeding up the rate of turns,
helping to buy clock time for the Smiling Jack to work. I don't recommend
using such a deck in a casual game. As much as there are assorted ways of
defeating this deck (Pentex Subersion, Immortal Grapple, Kiss of Ra, etc.),
if the table doesn't have a way of getting past Henry, you'll be wasting
2 hours of their time as they get to sit there and do nothing. That's fine
for a tournament, but not fine for a friendly game. Props again to Keith
Page, a former Boston player who built the original Pochtli Twister deck,
of which my Pochtli Twister deck is its namesake, and Henry Twister is
similarly named in its honor.

Crypt (12 cards, min=10, max=24, avg=4.5)
-----------------------------------------
6x Henry Taylor          6  POT cel pre pro  Brujah antitribu:3
1x Ramona                4  for pro          Gangrel:2
1x Ramona (ADV)          4  for pro          Gangrel:2
1x Daliyah               4  PRO obf          Nosferatu:2
1x Chandler Hungerford   3  PRO              Gangrel:2
1x Sadie                 2  pro              Gangrel antitribu:2
1x Huang, Blood Cultist  1  pro              Pander:2

Library (60 cards)
Master (44; 1 trifle)
1x Amusement Park Hunting Ground
2x Blood Doll
1x Brothers Grimm
1x Coven, The
1x Direct Intervention
25x Dirty Contract
1x Gang Territory
1x Guardian Angel
1x Information Highway
1x KRCG News Radio
1x Millicent Smith, Puritan Vampire Hunter
1x Parthenon, The
1x Powerbase: Montreal
3x Protean
1x Rack, The
1x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
1x Waste Management Operation

Ally (1)
1x Carlton Van Wyk

Equipment (3)
1x Phased Motion Detector
1x Ruins of Villers Abbey, Belgium
1x Sport Bike

Retainer (1)
1x Mr. Winthrop

Action Modifier (2)
1x Earth Control
1x Horrific Countenance

Reaction (4)
4x Forced Awakening

Combat (5)
3x Earth Meld
1x Form of Mist
1x Quick Meld