TotalCon Friday - Crocodile's Tongue
Boston, Massachusetts
February 25th 2005
2R+F
24 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Calling Demented Voters

Description: Combat defense? Who needs combat defense? Vote push?
That's for wimps. Stealth? That's for people who want successful
actions. I built this one in the hopes that the amount of stealth
could handle even heavy intercept decks (Forgotten/Elder being the main way
to do so). I was also obviously hoping not to be rushed. I got really
lucky in that regard as I never sat next to a rush deck, but many times I had
a predator who couldn't go forward due to a lack of minions. In fact,
in both the first round and the final I rescued my predator from torpor
several times to keep the ol' meatshield alive (I'm lucky nobody ever
decided to cut the middle man and rush me directly).

Looking at the deck, one might wonder how this or that card worked out.
Most of the time, I couldn't tell you. I've recently developed this
extremely minimalist playing style where I'll play like 20 cards all
game. The deck is 90 cards by force of habit, but I never even came close to
playing that many. I guess it worked out okay this time, but it
would've been nice to see the Jake, Gambit Accepted, Momentum's Edge, etc.
Never got a chance to play any of those.

This tournament was two preliminary rounds and a final. I got 4VP at
the first table as I couldn't prop my predator up long enough to get the
sweep. Then I swept my second table to get top seed on the finals. I
made the obvious choice to sit away from the combat decks at the table.
I spent much of the game trying to keep my predator alive so I wouldn't
get rushed by Euro-Brujah. Then I drew the 3 KRCs I needed to oust my prey
just after the Euro-Brujah ran out of steam and died. My new prey, a
!Nos rush deck, very nearly got his second VP for the win, but I was saved
by the two hour time limit.

Crypt (12 cards, min=28, max=40, avg=8.58)
------------------------------------------
2x Hannibal                10  AUS DEM OBF cel dom  cardinal    Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Hannibal (ADV)          10  AUS DEM OBF cel dom  cardinal    Malkavian antitribu:2
2x Rachel Brandywine       10  AUS DEM OBF PRO ani  prince      Malkavian:3
2x Maris Streck             9  AUS OBF ani dem dom  justicar    Malkavian:3
1x Quentin King III         7  AUS DEM obf pre      prince      Malkavian:3
1x Quentin King III (ADV)   7  AUS DEM OBF cel pre              Malkavian:3
1x Kite                     7  AUS DEM obf pre      bishop      Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Korah                    7  AUS DEM OBF ani      priscus     Malkavian antitribu:2
1x Marie Faucigny           7  AUS OBF dem tha      archbishop  Malkavian antitribu:3

Library (90 cards)
Master (16)
1x Asylum Hunting Ground
5x Blood Doll
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Gambit Accepted
1x Giant's Blood
1x Gift of Experience
1x Institution Hunting Ground
1x Jake Washington
1x Momentum's Edge
1x Secure Haven

Action (12)
1x Blessing of Chaos
6x Call, The
4x Kindred Spirits
1x Restructure

Political Action (17)
1x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancient Influence
7x Kine Resources Contested
5x Parity Shift
1x Peace Treaty
1x Political Stranglehold
1x Reins of Power

Action Modifier (23)
2x Cloak the Gathering
3x Elder Impersonation
1x Eyes of Chaos
3x Faceless Night
3x Forgotten Labyrinth
4x Lost in Crowds
3x Spying Mission
4x Telepathic Vote Counting

Action Modifier/Combat (4)
4x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (16)
8x Telepathic Misdirection
8x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (2)
2x Coma