NAC 2006 Day 1
Atlanta, Georgia
October 7th 2006
3R+F
65 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Ayo Stuffs the Ballot Box

Description: Gain massive vote dominance with Ayo's special. Vote at 5
stealth or more. Gain pool. Kill.

Good crypt draws all day. I think all my minions saw play at one point
or another. The cel/for is only for Forced March, so I don't need all
my minions to have that. The ones without obf can just sit around
giving me votes if I have intercept to contend with. Although Ubende
is really good in this deck, I only want one copy because I don't want
to have to double anyone other than Ayo.

Stole a Reanimated Corpse in round 1 and a Procurer in round 2. I
would've liked to have another and maybe some more bleed, but couldn't
find room.

The intention here is to get past casual intercept and occasionally
break a wall. I was imagining a Strange Day Banishment on Howler or
something like that, but I never actually had to deal with much
intercept. I lowballed the vote push because of the strength of
titles. Since Ayo has inferior obfuscate, I play one of each obf
card, plus the Uncontrolled Impulses, Forgotten Labyrinths and Forced
Marches. That could add up to a lot of stealth.

I didn't get the Kholos all that often, but they aren't that important.
Scalpel Tongue is a great card. I didn't have to use it defensively,
but it's still nice to have. I originally had Telepathic Vote
Counting, but I think Scalpel Tongue is a stronger card here.

No room for strong combat defense. These were mostly in case I get
blocked, not if I got rushed.

Most of these cards were important at one point or another. I sort of
wanted to put in an Obfuscate skill card for Ayo, but couldn't think of
what to take out. I never played the Pentex. That was put in for
wall-busting only. I don't imagine this deck could defend it well.

Heavy payload here. Could probably drop one each of Eldest Command
Undeath and Secret Must be Kept. I haven't gotten a lot of use out of
those. Banishment was very important to my 2nd round victory.

Just enough bounce/intercept to keep my predator guessing.

Crypt (12 cards, min=25 max=40 avg=8.25)
----------------------------------------
5x Ayo Igoli            10  AUS CEL FOR PRE obf tha                 Ishtarri:4
1x Alicia Barrows       9   AUS DEM OBF POT PRE         archbishop  Malkavian antitribu:4
1x Falhu Shibaba        8   CEL CHI FOR PRE ani         magaji      Ishtarri:3
1x Quentin King III     7   AUS DEM obf pre             prince      Malkavian:3
1x Stavros              7   AUS OBF PRE dem             priscus     Malkavian antitribu:4
1x Ubende               7   CEL PRE for obf qui         magaji      Ishtarri:4
1x Mustafa, The Heir    6   FOR PRE cel dom             prince      Ventrue:4
1x Victor Pelletier     5   PRE cel dom for                         Ventrue:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (16)
1x Ancestor Spirit
1x Blood Doll
3x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
1x Glutton
1x Golconda: Inner Peace
1x Mbare Market, Harare
4x Minion Tap
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Secure Haven
1x Ventrue Headquarters

Action (1)
1x Entrancement

Political Action (22)
2x Anarchist Uprising
1x Ancient Influence
3x Banishment
1x Conservative Agitation
1x Disputed Territory
2x Domain Challenge
2x Eldest Command Undeath, The
8x Kine Resources Contested
2x Secret Must Be Kept, The

Action Modifier (26)
3x Bewitching Oration
1x Cloak the Gathering
1x Domain of Evernight
1x Faceless Night
4x Forced March
4x Forgotten Labyrinth
1x Lost in Crowds
1x Spying Mission
1x Strange Day
3x Uncontrolled Impulse
6x Voter Captivation

Action Modifier/Combat (1)
1x Swallowed by the Night

Action Modifier/Reaction (5)
2x Ishtarri Kholo
3x Scalpel Tongue

Reaction (13)
7x Telepathic Misdirection
6x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (6)
6x Majesty