NAC Qualifier
Northfield, New Jersey
March 18th 2006
3R+F
25 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: This is not a Hatchling deck

Description: It's basically a swarm deck that can fight. I even found
myself playing it like a swarm, i.e. Mustafa bleeds, gets blocked, I don't
bother to slave in, but bleed with a Gargoyle instead.

Crypt was just fine. I got Ublo-Satha in every round except the
final. I always had a decent mix of Tremere and Gargoyles in my
uncontrolled region.

Aranthebes would've saved me in round 3, but he declined to make an
appearance. Could've made even had more Create Gargoyles. Alas
for the Hatchlings. Defender of the Haven is strong. I got it
into play in rounds 1 and 3.

Probably should've been more but this was meant to be an
exploratory effort.

Raking Talons and Rockheart are both super good. Check out the
outferior of Rockheart. It totally saved me from Shambling Hordes
in round 2 and got me that vital .5VP I needed to make the final.
I didn't really feel like the Grapples were that necessary. The
could probably be cut for more of the other stuff. I mean, it's a
swarm deck that might agg you if you block. It's not like I need
to make every combat count. Roll is a great card and was also
good for frustrating Shambling Hordes. I originally had Tastes,
but cut them due to poor synergy with agg pokes. I should've had
Stone Quills in here. It's the only real answer to Sniper Rifle.

Never saw the hunting ground. I figured Arcane Library would be
killer, but I only drew it in the final and had no Tremere in my
uncontrolled region. Chantry was played but not used as there
were no rush decks to target my Tremere. The Potence master and
Havens Uncovered weren't useful. Six Blood Dolls was my way of
insuring the deck wouldn't be completely pathetic.

I wanted to try out Scry the Hearthstone. It's limitation to (D)
actions (similar limitation to Defender of the Haven) makes it
kind of bad because vote decks and other such things can act with
impunity. I mostly discarded them and probably would've rather
had Patrol. Delaying Tactics were really big for me in the final
and I was lucky to draw them both in my first 20 cards. I played
the first one to Delay Josh's Free States Rant which was to be 4
points on my guys. When he called the vote again the next turn,
he needed to put some of the points backward on Ethan. My other
use was mentioned above.

The Razor Bats were good when I got them. I probably should've had
four of them. The Stone Dog was always discarded. I was thinking
that permanent rush would be useful, but I just never wanted to
pay 3 pool for the privilege.

Crypt (12 cards, min=11, max=27, avg=4.83)
------------------------------------------
3x Ublo-Satha               7  FOR POT VIS cel  Gargoyle:2
2x Saxum, Master of Slaves  6  FOR VIS pot pre  Gargoyle:2
2x Luma, Stone Beauty       5  FOR aus pot vis  Gargoyle:2
1x Ignatius                 4  aus dom tha      Tremere:1
1x Sarah Cobbler            4  THA dom          Tremere:1
1x Jing Wei                 3  dom tha          Tremere:1
1x Mustafa Rahman           2  dom              Tremere:2
1x Roreca Quaid             2  tha              Tremere:1

Library (90 cards)
Master (15)
1x Academic Hunting Ground
1x Arcane Library
1x Barrens, The
6x Blood Doll
1x Chantry
1x Dominate
1x Fame
2x Haven Uncovered
1x Potence

Action (12)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal
6x Create Gargoyle
3x Defender of the Haven
2x Hatchling

Retainer (3)
2x Razor Bat
1x Stone Dog

Action Modifier (4)
4x Conditioning

Reaction (20)
6x Deflection
2x Delaying Tactics
4x Forced Awakening
4x Scry the Hearthstone
4x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (36)
4x Crawling Chamber
6x Immortal Grapple
4x Pounce
3x Pulled Fangs
8x Raking Talons
9x Rockheart
2x Roll