Origins Sunday
Columbus (OH), USA
July 2nd 2006
2R+F
24 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Akunanse bleed and block v2

Description: Bleed forward and block backward. No Secrets From the
Magaji and Guardian Angel (or a gun of some sort) will stop many decks
dead in their tracks. This deck has an answer to most strategies and
bleeds very well besides. Its main weakness is if other decks can
block it tooling up. This was evidenced in this year's NERQ when all
my bleed permanents were blocked so even after I ran my prey out of
s:ce, I couldn't do much other than bleed for 1.

I think this deck is one of the best I've ever made. That is evidenced
by its performance in two tournaments against some of the top players
in the US (if not the world). Anyone who feels that Legacies of Blood
isn't a strong set, should try something like this. This version may
not be ideal for every metagame as it is built to withstand some serious
combat if necessary and it could have more stealth if that would be
helpful. Also, in an extremely stealthy environment, more permanent
intercept may be necessary. Delaying Tactics could certainly go in
here if you aren't confident of catching every vote. Some of the
Predator's Communion could be Forced Awakening, which would be crucial
verses a Giovanni powerbleed running The Sleeping Mind. The main idea
here is to have a wallish deck that can bleed forward well. I think
a deck with No Secrets From the Magaji is perfectly suited to such
a concept because I only block forward when it's necessary or
advantageous. I don't need to block my prey to kill him. First of all,
this lets my prey play his game and weaken his prey before I get him
(in a perfect world) and secondly this makes it less likely for me to
lose my No Secrets before my predator's turn, which could be fairly
disastrous.

Crypt (12 cards, min=18, max=31, avg=6.33)
------------------------------------------
4x Uchenna         7  ABO ANI FOR          magaji  Akunanse:4
2x Nkule Galadima  8  ABO FOR ani aus pre  magaji  Akunanse:4
1x Amavi           8  ABO ANI FOR pre pro          Akunanse:4
1x Jubal           6  ABO ANI for pot              Akunanse:4
1x Sanjo           6  ANI FOR abo chi              Akunanse:3
1x Kikiyaon, The   5  FOR abo ani                  Akunanse:4
1x Hasani          4  ABO for                      Akunanse:4
1x Dolie           3  abo ani                      Akunanse:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (16)
1x Ancestor Spirit
1x Barrens, The
5x Blood Doll
1x Direct Intervention
1x Giant's Blood
2x Guardian Angel
1x Jungle Hunting Ground
1x KRCG News Radio
1x Mbare Market, Harare
1x Perfectionist
1x Sudden Reversal

Action (5)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal
4x No Secrets From the Magaji

Equipment (6)
1x .44 Magnum
1x Ivory Bow
1x Kduva's Mask
1x Laptop Computer
1x Reliquary: Akunanse Remains
1x Sniper Rifle

Retainer (6)
1x Duma Rafiki
1x Elephant Guardian
1x J. S. Simmons, Esq.
1x Mr. Winthrop
1x Shaman
1x Tasha Morgan

Action Modifier (14)
2x Devil-Channel: Throat
7x Freak Drive
4x Predator's Mastery
1x Strange Day

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Predator's Transformation

Reaction (14)
6x Cats' Guidance
6x Predator's Communion
2x Terra Incognita

Combat (27)
2x Canine Horde
6x Carrion Crows
2x Devil-Channel: Hands
6x Invoking the Beast
5x Rolling with the Punches
4x Taste of Vitae
2x Whistling Up the Beast