BloodBATH 2007: Fifth Tradition
Bath, England
July 14th 2007
17 players
Paul Reid-Bowen

Deck Name: The Alchemists (aka. the octarine killing machine)

This take on the Nephandi swarm bleed has evolved over a couple of
years (beginning in the pre-Antonio d'Erlette days with a Marino
Reymundo Vasquez, Giovanni, Nephandi and Shambling Hordes version)
and progressing to the very focused current version. It is quite
abusive against light and non-combat decks, pleasantly burning
Alexandra in the UKECQ with molotovs, and typically with these type of
decks kills with weight of numbers. EtPK is an excellent oust
accelerator, particularly coupled with Computer Hacks, and the Life in
the City are essential for keeping vampires topped up due to the
attrition from deflects, blood dolls and EtPK. Clearly the deck has
problems with focused combat, stealth-bleed and stealth-politics, but
does very well in a neutral environment.

Constructively, I forgot to add two delaying tactics at the Bloodbath
2007 tournament (although two more DIs might be better) and this deck
is becoming an increasingly risky strategy when faced with high levels
of Entrancement and Far Mastery. Eight Molotovs is probably excessive
(six would be fine), an extra Deflect and On the Qui Vive would be
good replacements. Concealed Flash Grenades and the Life in the City
are pure gold. Some people prefer more Memories, but it hasn't proved
essential so far, particularly with the Flash Grenades; plus I seem to
keep forgetting to add a Vagabond Mystic.

Basically an effective and fun deck with fairly obvious weaknesses; it
is also strong against Imbued, having ousted them on three occasions
in the past, which can't be bad.

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=20, avg=4)
---------------------------------------
5x Antonio d'Erlette	5   THA dom for pot	Tremere antitribu:4
2x Janine		4   aus dom tha		Tremere antitribu:4
2x Ember Wright		3   aus dom		Tremere antitribu:3
2x Keith Moody		3   DOM			Tremere antitribu:4
1x Saiz			3   aus dom		Tremere antitribu:3

Library (88 cards)
Master (22; 6 trifle)
5x Blood Doll
2x Direct Intervention
3x Haven Uncovered
1x Information Highway
6x Life in the City
3x Memories of Mortality
1x Mob Connections
1x Secure Haven

Action (6)
6x Computer Hacking

Ally (9)
8x Nephandus
1x Ossian

Equipment (8)
8x Flash Grenade

Action Modifier (8)
8x Empowering the Puppet King

Reaction (16)
8x Deflection
8x On the Qui Vive

Combat (16)
8x Concealed Weapon
8x Molotov Cocktail

Event (3)
1x FBI Special Affairs Division
2x Unmasking, The