Lords of the Night is Legal!
Indianapolis, Indiana
October 28th 2007
3R+F
15 players
Ankur Gupta

Deck Name: Black Hand CEL

Description: The deck is yet another testament to my love for Black
Hand, even without using the neat new cards of wonderfulness for Black Hand.
This deck focuses on attrition using Zip Guns/Blur/Taste. Let's
be honest: Zip Guns are not the most wonderful weapon ever,
but the idea is to simply survive combat until the end game.
Then, maneuvers are extremely powerful, and selective torporing
will balance the table into a win. There is a subtle but
important blood denial strategy that I feel stays nicely under
the radar. Generally the tables were unaware of the danger
until it was too late. Thuggees, Vampiric Disease, Restricted
Vitae, Strained Vitae Supply, Vessel, and moderate combat all
work well together to present a solid package for that purpose.
My own worries are handled by Zip Guns (to avoid disease),
Weeping Stone, and Corporeal Reservoirs.

Special mention of Vampiric Disease: it was a key card to victory
in both the final and two rounds beforehand. I love Vessel; it
should have a big impact once people forget about Vessel and
play more Blood Dolls again.

The deck definitely carries weaknesses against Animalism combat
or bigger guns. You have to make sure that you handle these
decks by talking them off the table or targeting their weakness.
For larger guns, pool is often a problem. Hone in on that. For
decks with Animalism, there is a limit to how many times they
can repeat their schtick. Focus on killing one guy at a time.
With +2/+3 intercept plus permanents, you should be able to
manage it. Your "defense" against combat ends is that no one
is hurting you. That's benefit enough. Eventually they will run
out and they will be low on blood to boot. And if you get that
Vampiric Disease. . . . .

I would totally cut the single Art of Memory for a Reunion Kamut.
I just couldn't find one at the time.

Crypt (13 cards, min=14 max=30 avg=5.62)
----------------------------------------
3x Joe "Boot" Hill               7   CEL QUI for obf      Assamite:4
3x Skryta Zyleta                 5   CEL obf pot pro      Gangrel antitribu:3
3x Béatrice "Oracle171" Tremblay 3   inn ven              Innocent:4
2x Yazid Tamari                  8   CEL QUI ani dom obf  Assamite:3
1x Dominique Santo Paulo         6   AUS CEL pot pre      Toreador antitribu:4
1x Reza Fatir, The Dark Angel    6   CEL QUI obf pro      Assamite:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (24; 12 trifle)
6x Corporal Reservoir
1x Fame
1x Giant's Blood
3x Haven Uncovered
1x Strained Vitae Supply
3x Vampiric Disease
4x Vessel
1x Wall Street Night, Financial Newspaper
2x Wash
1x Weeping Stone
1x WMRH Talk Radio

Conviction (2)
1x Second Sight
1x Strike with Conviction

Action (10)
2x Abbot
8x Reunion Kamut

Ally (5)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
4x Marijava Thuggee

Equipment (1)
1x Guarded Rubrics

Action Modifier (1)
1x Art of Memory, The

Reaction (16)
4x Forced Awakening
8x Ministry
4x On the Qui Vive

Combat (30)
8x Blur
5x Flash
2x Pursuit
7x Taste of Vitae
8x Zip Gun

Event (1)
1x Restricted Vitae