Friday Night Constructed
New York City (NY), USA
May 25th 2007
2R+F
17 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Inspiring Innocents

Description: Get out a ton of Imbued and Strike with Conviction until
everyone is ousted. This deck is a real killer and surprisingly resilient
as well. I can't recall ever having been ousted while playing it,
although sometimes the table falls in unfortunate ways (see game 1 above).
Now that I've won a tournament with a basic Imbued deck like this, it's
only weird tricks and hybrid decks from here on out. I promise!

You might think I'd want more copies of Travis or Jennie here
but in some games, I really come close to emptying my crypt.
I've just found it useful to be able to get out as many as
11 Imbued.

I never really use Unity, but it seems like it should be here.
Brothers Grimm is very key. Nobody ever tries to take it. It's just
free pool! There are really a lot of masters here and I usually am
holding way more than I can expect to play. That's fine. Imbued decks
do not need to cycle cards the way vampire decks do thanks to the way
Convictions work. Transients really aren't needed. It is also
interesting to mention that I don't think I played a single Angel of
Berlin this tournament. There was once or twice I might have, but it
was more important to Sudden something earlier in the turn.

Totally useless. I don't think I've ever played Bond. If I were to
keep playing this deck, I'd drop these in an instant.

You really can't have too many Convictions. Considering how many
minions I tend to get out, this is a little light. But just having 8
or 9 minions usually makes you win anyway, so there's not any real need
to add more. I always go for React first since the worst thing someone
can do is steal my minion and use it against me.

I am notoriously lucky in drawing The Unmasking early. In fact, I
think I played it on the first or second turn (once thanks to
Fortschritt) in each round this tournament. Thirst is just there as an
enabler, but sometimes it helps to hurt other vampire decks. I'm not
that interested in playing a bunch of events that would hurt people
cross-table. This deck isn't intended to make any extra enemies until
the endgame.

The most important rule for Champion is to never use it. As soon as
you have Champion out, your predator makes it a top priority to get it
tapped or to burn/steal that minion. As long as that guy is just
sitting there untapped with his Champion, your predator will dispair.
Inspire is a very nice power because the individual effect is too small
to get that worked up over, but when used repeatedly by multiple
minions, it is devestating. Donate is very nice because people forget
about it. I think I've mostly just used it for extra bleed, but
could easily imagine wanting it for the other uses. I'm also a big fan
of Rejuvenate. It's really the only thing that makes Beatrice
playable. On the other hand, I've found very little use for Hide or
Project. Most of the time, I just don't want to spend the extra
convictions and gaining a little extra stealth or protection for one
minion doesn't really contribute to the swarming strategy.

I really haven't gotten much use out of these. I know some players
swear by them, but I don't like bouncing bleeds to the wrong place and
actions I have to stop are usually better handled by blocking or Direct
Intervention.

Crypt (12 cards, min=12, max=21, avg=4.08)
------------------------------------------
2x Travis "Traveler72" Miller     5  def mar      Martyr:4
1x Earl "Shaka74" Deams           6  jud mar viz  Visionary:4
1x Jennie "Cassie247" Orne        5  inn jud viz  Visionary:4
1x Erick "Shophet125" Franco      4  inn jud      Judge:4
1x Leaf "Potter116" Pankowski     4  inn red viz  Redeemer:4
1x Maman Boumba                   4  inn mar      Martyr:4
1x Paul "Sixofswords29" Moreton   4  def vis      Visionary:4
1x Xian "DziDzat155" Quan         4  def inn      Defender:4
1x Béatrice "Oracle171" Tremblay  3  inn ven      Innocent:4
1x Inez "Nurse216" Villagrande    3  inn          Innocent:4
1x Liz "Ticket312" Thornton       2  inn red      Innocent:4

Library (75 cards)
Master (24)
1x Anarch Troublemaker
4x Angel of Berlin
1x Barrens, The
2x Brothers Grimm
1x Church of Vindicated Faith, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fortschritt Library
1x Information Highway
5x Memories of Mortality
1x Parthenon, The
1x Rose Foundation, The
4x Sudden Reversal
1x Unity

Conviction (21)
7x React with Conviction
7x Second Sight
7x Strike with Conviction

Action (2)
2x Bond

Ally (2)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
1x Vagabond Mystic

Power (18)
2x Champion
5x Donate
1x Hide
4x Inspire
1x Project
4x Rejuvenate
1x Vigilance

Reaction (4)
4x Determine

Event (4)
1x Anthelios, The Red Star
1x Edge Explosion
1x Thirst
1x Unmasking, The