Origins Sunday
Columbus (OH), USA
July 8th 2007
2R+F
21 players
Ben Peal

-- 4vp in final

Deck Name: Cybelotron

This deck was originally based on Erik Torstensson's Summon the Serpent
deck, which won a tournament in Gothenburg, Sweden in 2005. His deck
mixes in Settites, and includes Temptation and Form of Corruption. The
deck is a blast to play, but I felt the need to strip it down to its core:
Cybele, Great Beast, and Golconda. I took out the Serpentis actions,
replaced Vast Wealth with Magic of the Smith, added more stealth, dropped
some unneeded masters, dropped the Minion Taps down to 4, and increased
the Golcondas up to 4. I put the deck on the back burner for a while, as
I was working on intercept walls, but I saw that Johannes Walch happened
to make the finals of the 2007 Dutch Qualifier with a Cybele + Great
Beast, so, emboldened by Johannes' succes, I figured I'd get back to work
on my own version. Johannes' addition of Antediluvian Awakening was pure
genius, so I included it in my version.

The operation of the deck is as follows: you put a skill card on Cybele,
who then plays Magic of the Smith to get the Soul Gem of Etrius, untaps
via Truth of a Thousand Lies, then plays Call the Great Beast (OBF PRE
SER). Cybele explodes, bringing out a brand new Cybele. The Great Beast
bleeds, and the new Cybele bleeds with her special. On the next turn, you
Golconda your Great Beast and play a skill card on the new Cybele. Cybele
bleeds with her special, untaps via Truth of a Thousand Lies, then plays
Call the Great Beast, and the Great Beast and Cybele bleed again. When
you can (when you need to), you Minion Tap the Great Beast or play
Redeem the Lost soul to cash in one of your blown up Cybeles. You also
have some protection against Archon Investigation, as you're free to pump
up Cybele's bleeds due to the Soul Gem, If they play AI, then they've
paid 3 and given you a new vampire who can now bleed for 3 more.

I think Johannes is right to have 3 Soul Gems in his deck instead of the 2
that my version and Erik's version use. I nearly lost the finals due to
drawing both Soul Gems while sitting in between 2 intercept walls. I also
think that Johannes is right to have 5 Golconda and 3 Minion Tap instead
of the 4 and 4 that I use, since you'd rather get rid of the Great Beast
and make a new one instead of Minion Tapping it and leaving it around.
Antediluvian Awakening is an amazing card for this deck, as it gives you
the ability to blow up Cybele when you need to, such as when Cybele is
sitting in torpor, or if Pentex Subversion is played on her. Johannes'
version adds in some bleed cards -- Sense the Sin and True Love's Face --
as well as Ossian (he found the ability to rush to be helpful). My
version stays focussed on the combo, and is stealthier.

Crypt (12 cards, min=40, max=40, avg=10)
----------------------------------------
12x Cybele  10  ANI DAI OBF PRE SER THA  Baali:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (28)
1x Antediluvian Awakening
2x Auspex
1x Barrens, The
2x Celerity
1x Direct Intervention
1x Dominate
4x Dreams of the Sphinx
2x Fortitude
1x Fortschritt Library
1x Giant's Blood
4x Golconda: Inner Peace
4x Minion Tap
2x Parthenon, The
2x Redeem the Lost Soul

Action (19)
8x Call the Great Beast
3x Entrancement
8x Magic of the Smith

Ally (1)
1x Mylan Horseed

Equipment (2)
2x Soul Gem of Etrius

Action Modifier (31)
4x Cloak the Gathering
5x Elder Impersonation
4x Faceless Night
5x Lost in Crowds
2x Spying Mission
11x Truth of a Thousand Lies

Action Modifier/Combat (5)
5x Swallowed by the Night

Combat (3)
3x Majesty

Event (1)
1x Anthelios, The Red Star