Target Vitals, Washington, D.C.
Rockville, Maryland
November 18th 2007
2R+F
10 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Fuzzface

Description: This deck has solid offense but obviously should drop the
Dual Forms for more stealth/Freak/whatever. Another take on the deck
might be to use Ogwon who has for/OBF/PRE and costs 1 less but also gives
you access to the Opium Den and some other good stuff like Enticement at
superior.

No real reason to use 13 vamps, but I couldn't decide which obf weenie
not to use here. Zubeida's conditional +1 bleed only came up once and
it didn't matter. Not much of an ability, if you ask me.

Note the Blood Dolls, not Vessels. Vessels were all over the place in
this tournament, but I'll swear by Blood Dolls in a deck like this.

Another Entrancement or three would be good. Never had an opportunity
to play Enchant Kindred at superior so those should be more plentiful
perhaps, or Social Charms. Six Dream World seems a little low, but I
didn't want to have them too early or the extent of the threat I
represented would be too apparent. It's a very powerful card.

This is kind of a middling amount of stealth in my book for a deck like
this. I think I would've had some trouble against heavy intercept
because none of my actions are that damaging individually. Spying
Missions were mostly used for extra bleed. No need to spy if I'm
bleeding my grandprey for 1.

Great card. Extremely useful in this deck.

I think I was the only person in the tournament running any events at
all, so I didn't play The Uncoiling. I played Narrow Minds in the
final and it helped me some, but it probably didn't alter the outcome.

Confusion of the Eye was only used on bleeds. Truth in Ink worked out
quite well. I wasn't sure it would because I tend to take a sort of
Murphy's Law view toward bleed reduction (4 reduction cards in your
hand? your predator calls KRC!), but they seemed good and I had no
trouble playing them on bleeds of more than 1.

Here's the other slightly embarrassing part of my deck. Bleeding under
Dream World and attempting to Form of Mist a blocker doesn't work. As
soon as the block is successful, Dream World goes away. All the same,
I didn't mind having a few s:ce when the Shambling Hordes rushed me.
In this case, Earth Meld would've been better, but I don't know if that
would be generally true. I had considered Unholy Penance as well, but
decided that free s:ce, when available, should always be used.

Crypt (13 cards, min=8, max=32, avg=4.69)
-----------------------------------------
5x Zubeida          8  OBF PRE PRO for ser  Abomination:5
1x Rashid Stockton  4  cel obf vic          Gangrel antitribu:5
1x Ahmose Chambers  3  obf ser              Follower of Set:5
1x Blister          3  obf pot              Nosferatu antitribu:4
1x Lubomira Hradok  3  OBF                  Nosferatu antitribu:5
1x Alu              2  obf                  Assamite:5
1x Bloodfeud        2  obf                  Malkavian antitribu:4
1x Denette Stensen  2  obf                  Gangrel antitribu:4
1x Old Neddacka     2  obf                  Nosferatu antitribu:4

Library (90 cards)
Master (16; 1 trifle)
1x Anarch Troublemaker
1x Archon Investigation
1x Barrens, The
6x Blood Doll
1x Coven, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Dominion
1x Giant's Blood
1x Hungry Coyote, The
1x Jake Washington
1x Sudden Reversal

Action (16)
6x Dream World
5x Dual Form
4x Enchant Kindred
1x Entrancement

Equipment (4)
4x Camera Phone

Retainer (2)
1x J. S. Simmons, Esq.
1x Tasha Morgan

Action Modifier (30)
4x Cloak the Gathering
2x Elder Impersonation
4x Faceless Night
8x Freak Drive
4x Lost in Crowds
4x Spying Mission
4x Veil the Legions

Action Modifier/Combat (4)
4x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (12)
2x Confusion of the Eye
2x Delaying Tactics
2x On the Qui Vive
5x Truth in Ink
1x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (4)
4x Form of Mist

Event (2)
1x Narrow Minds
1x Uncoiling, The