Celestial Harmony #2
Eudemonia, Berkeley, California
June 22nd 2008
10 players
Ira Fay

Deck Name: Lots of Babies

Description: It's a little tricky to acquire 30 Trophy: Progeny irl
(thanks gNat and Ian!), but once you get them, this deck can be fun to
play. It reliably takes advantage of turns 1-3 master phases, which
are often wasted in most decks. Miller's special is incredibly good -
he is so perfect for this deck, and Anson compliments him
beautifully. My goal in designing this deck was to get a trophy deck
in the TWDA, and assuming I didn't make any stupid illegal deck
errors, I'm excited to post the first one. Trophy: Progeny is very
powerful in such large numbers, especially because it can act that
same turn. Choosing the right Red List target is tricky, because you
want something that you can burn, but other players can't. Whenever
possible, choose a target that your prey controls. Then, just sit
back and wait as long as possible, building the perfect combat hand,
holding the Palle Grande, playing 2-3 Trophies per turn. Try to
convince the table that you're not a threat (much easier when the
Palla Grande is in your hand, and not on the table.) If things are
flowing smoothly, you'll have 10+ Trophies on the table by turn ~8,
and then you can lunge when you're ready. If you have a fast
predator, bring up Anson first because he can Deflect, Parity Shift,
and 2nd Trad to keep you in the game. If you draw The Parthenon
early, you can consider bringing up Miller first. Without The
Parthenon, you'll hand jam on Masters. It's very rare that I discard
a Trophy: Progeny in this deck. Golconda was very helpful to keep me
(or an ally) in the game long enough for the combo to go off.

Crypt (12 cards, min=20 max=32 avg=7)
-------------------------------------
5x Anson                                 8   CEL PRE aus dom    prince  Toreador:1
5x Miller Delmardigan, Teacher of Bahari 8   CEL PRE aus pro    bishop  Toreador antitribu:2
2x Carter                                2   cel                        Toreador antitribu:2

Library (90 cards)
Master (37)
1x Golconda: Inner Peace
3x Palla Grande
3x Parthenon, The
1x Trophy: Diablerie
29x Trophy: Progeny

Action (8)
1x Aranthebes, The Immortal
7x Red List

Political Action (3)
2x Parity Shift
1x Political Stranglehold

Action Modifier/Combat (7)
7x Resist Earth's Grasp

Reaction (6)
3x Deflection
3x Second Tradition: Domain

Combat (29)
5x Amaranth
2x Blur
1x Bone Spur
1x Claws of the Dead
1x Fast Hands
3x Majesty
6x Psyche!
5x Pursuit
3x Sideslip
2x Wolf Claws