Mexican NCQ
Mexico City, Mexico
March 22nd 2008
3R+F
23 players
Matthew Morgan

-- 5vp in final

Deck Name: La Cancion de la Patata Magica

Description: I suppose there's not a ton of strategy here except that
it's better to bleed for a lot with everyone than bleed for a lot with
only one or two minions.

Maybe 2 more Stone Travel and a couple Shroud of Absence would be good
here since Quincy and Dame Hollerton can't get stealth from the other
Mytherceria cards. My Shrouds were in another deck when I built this
one and I didn't have them with me when I decided to play this one.

Combat was practically irrelevant to this tournament. I could've
dropped all these cards. Never played the Entombment. It's mostly
only there for allies since most of my crypt only has obt.

I had high hopes for Blind Spot, but it was never useful. It would be
better to have a Jake Washington or two or maybe a Prophecies of
Gehenna. In fact, I tried to borrow one of those before the
tournament, but none were to be found.

Much better than Vessel in this deck. All those Dominate cards bleed
my vampires dry. Can't afford to delay gratification with Vessels.

Those Mexicans beat me to the punch in all four rounds!

See? No need for Vessel. I Suddened my predator's Vessel in the final
to keep a Blood Doll on Quincy.

A couple Delaying Tactics or even Covencraft wouldn't be a terrible
idea here.

Crypt (12 cards, min=23, max=32, avg=6.92)
------------------------------------------
4x Pherydima                8  DOM MYT NEC obt pot  bishop   Kiasyd:4
3x Omme Enberbenight        7  MYT OBT cel dom      priscus  Kiasyd:4
3x Roderick Phillips March  7  DOM MYT cel obt tha           Kiasyd:4
1x Dame Hollerton           5  DOM OBT myt                   Kiasyd:4
1x Quincy, The Trapper      4  dom myt obt                   Kiasyd:3

Library (83 cards)
Master (15)
1x Barrens, The
2x Blind Spot
5x Blood Doll
1x Giant's Blood
2x Perfectionist
4x Sudden Reversal

Action (15)
1x Abbot
10x Govern the Unaligned
4x Song of Pan

Action Modifier (14)
7x Conditioning
2x Seduction
5x Stone Travel

Action Modifier/Combat (8)
8x Fae Contortion

Action Modifier/Reaction (5)
5x Aura Absorption

Reaction (16)
8x Deflection
4x On the Qui Vive
4x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (10)
2x Darkling Trickery
5x Earth Swords
1x Entombment
2x Taste of Vitae