New York City Qualifier
New York City (NY), USA
May 24th 2008
3R+F
17 players
Matthew Morgan

Deck Name: Mummy Strength!

Description: Get mummies. Block, fight, rush, bleed, win!

The larger vampires are obviously not meant to be influenced out and
never were. They might as well have been Enkidu, Hazimel, Sha-Ennu,
Saulot, etc., but it never really mattered as I rarely had a mummy
burned by losing all its life. Two copies of Halim and 3x Effective
Management meant I got him out in every preliminary round. In the
final he showed up late and ended up having to join the ranks of the
mummies.

The media outlets helped a lot. I'm a firm believer in Unmasking +
media locations in an ally deck. It really gets the job done.
Centralized Background Check was in my starting hand in the first two
games, but I didn't see it in round 3 when I was killed by .44s. Ah
well. It's good in theory.

Set's Curse was originally Far Mastery, but more of my crypt can play
Set's Curse and there are more available targets. In round 1, I was a
little slow with it and Meno Ngari got a skill card before I could hit
him with it. In round 2, I turned Lupo into a snake, which was really
cool, even if it probably didn't cause me to win any more than I was
already winning. I died too quickly to make use of it in round 3, but
turning one of Ben Peal's War Ghouls into a snake would've been pretty
great. There were small vampires that would've made good targets for
this in the final, but sadly I had nobody with SER to play it, so it
had to be discarded.

10x Spell of Life was pretty good in a 61 card deck. I normally got
the Spell off around turn 7 or so, I think. I never tried to get it to
happen again and never needed it. Each game concluded a turn or two
after I completed the Spell (or in the case of round 3, the game
concluded for me the turn before I would've completed it).

Heavy intercept would've probably been a problem for me, but luckily
there was none. My first prey of the day was an Akunanse deck, but I
managed to block it tooling up with intercept permanents. Veils were
good to add stealth to mummies (since I never had anyone with OBF for
cloak). Conditioning, just because I'd be crazy not to.

Carlton made frequent appearances. I had Ossian in round 2, but he
really only served to cycle my prey's Swallowed by the Night maneuvers.
I got Qetu out in the first round and actually successfully bled my
prey twice, which I think is pretty good (she bleeds for 2). An early
Nephren-Ka probably gave me the final, because I rushed the dom/obf
deck a lot to keep it from having the steam to oust me. I sadly never
had the pool to get Kherebutu or Tutu. I'll have to keep playing the
deck until I make good use of them. Vagabond Mystic was the 61st card
in this deck (originally designed at 60), but I never drew him.

I believe the only one of these I ever played was FBI Special Affairs
Division, which was really useful when Carlton was blocking Matata at 1
blood. Matata couldn't take the risk of going to torpor and never
coming back, so Carlton got away with dodging three or four times.

Crypt (13 cards, min=16, max=38, avg=7)
---------------------------------------
2x Halim Bey         6  DOM SER obf tha                    Follower of Set:4
1x Nakhthorheb      10  OBF PRE SER                        Follower of Set:4
1x Seterpenre       10  AUS NEC OBF PRE SER                Follower of Set:5
1x Neferu            9  OBF PRE SER THA dom nec  2 votes   Follower of Set:4
1x Pentweret         9  OBF PRE SER aus for obe            Follower of Set:5
1x Porphyrion        9  CHI OBF PRE SER for                Follower of Set:5
1x Shemti            9  OBF POT PRE SER vic      1 vote    Follower of Set:5
1x Amenophobis       7  OBF SER dom pre          primogen  Follower of Set:4
1x Black Lotus       5  DOM aus obf ser                    Follower of Set:4
1x Sahira Siraj      4  obf ser tha                        Follower of Set:4
1x Sisocharis        4  cel obf pre                        Follower of Set:5
1x Ahmose Chambers   3  obf ser                            Follower of Set:5

Library (61 cards)
Master (14)
2x Blood Doll
1x Centralized Background Check
1x Channel 10
1x Charisma
3x Effective Management
1x Fame
1x Jake Washington
1x KRCG News Radio
1x Mob Connections
1x Opium Den
1x WMRH Talk Radio

Action (11)
1x Set's Curse
10x Spell of Life

Ally (8)
1x Amam the Devourer
1x Carlton Van Wyk
1x Kherebutu
1x Nephren-Ka
1x Ossian
1x Qetu the Evil Doer
1x Tutu the Doubly Evil One
1x Vagabond Mystic

Action Modifier (13)
2x Cloak the Gathering
2x Conditioning
1x Domain of Evernight
2x Faceless Night
2x Lost in Crowds
2x Spying Mission
2x Veil the Legions

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
2x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (10)
5x Deflection
2x Delaying Tactics
3x On the Qui Vive

Event (3)
1x Dragonbound
1x FBI Special Affairs Division
1x Unmasking, The