Origins Sunday
Origins, Columbus, Ohio
June 29th 2008
2R+F
24 players
Matthew Morgan

-- 2.5VP in final

Deck Name: DoC bleed

Description: The challenge I gave myself was to create a good
Daughters of Cacophony deck that wasn't a copy of
Ben Peal's NAC winning deck. This one is mostly
inspired by a deck of Forrest Nielsen's that won
a qualifier back in 2003 and made the NAC final the
same year. It adds !Toreador for bleed defense and
has a good chunk of combat defense. I earned 2GW and
8VP in the preliminary rounds of the 2R+F tournament
and 2.5VP in the final With another minute or two
left on the clock, I would've ousted my last prey for
a 3rd 4VP win (but I'm plenty satisfied with just a win).

Never saw Gael or Remilliard, who are probably the weakest crypt
choices here, so just as well. A couple other players have
insisted that this crypt needs Greta, but she wouldn't have
really helped this time. Sheila's +1 bleed and Fortitude were
just more useful.

Strangely, the Anarch Troublemakers never were that important
and I didn't draw them often. Could use another Pentex and
probably Direct Intervention. The Presence masters didn't
matter much since I mostly got out minions with PRE.

This seems like a lot, but I never discarded a bleed card and
often ran out. I probably had some chances to steal Hugh's
Carlton in the final, but he was really doing me more good
where he was, so I just bled with the Entrancements.

More Siren's Lure is a no-brainer, but this is all I own.
Oddly enough, most of my preys never tried to block me at
all, so again it didn't matter this time. Daring the Dawn
could certainly go here.

Only one Delaying Tactics? What was I thinking? It totally
saved me in round 1 and the final. Another copy should
certainly be here. Tourette's Voice was completely useless
and sadly misplayed a couple of times (sorry!). I thought it
might be good for saving grandpreys or for some unexpected
intercept, but the need never arose. Likewise, I think I
bounced one bleed in the entire tournament. That's something
you just can't plan for.

This worked out great. With all the other blood costs
in the deck, playing a Soak against hands for 1 is completely
worthwhile, which is mostly what I did with them.

Crypt (12 cards, min=15 max=24 avg=5.08)
----------------------------------------
2x Jost Werner                    6   AUS PRE ani       Toreador antitribu:2
2x Sheila Mezarin                 6   AUS PRE cel for   Toreador antitribu:2
2x Angela Preston                 5   MEL PRE for       Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Gaël Pilet                     6   FOR MEL chi pre   Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Yseult                         6   FOR MEL PRE       Daughter of Cacophony:3
1x Delilah Monroe                 4   MEL for pre       Daughter of Cacophony:2
1x Maldavis                       4   AUS for pre       Caitiff:3
1x Remilliard, Devout Crusader    4   AUS pre           Toreador antitribu:2
1x Céleste, The Voice of a Secret 3   mel pre           Daughter of Cacophony:2

Library (90 cards)
Master (16)
4x Anarch Troublemaker
5x Blood Doll
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Fetish Club Hunting Ground
1x Palla Grande
1x Paris Opera House
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
2x Presence

Action (18)
6x Enchant Kindred
4x Entrancement
4x Legal Manipulations
4x Social Charm

Action Modifier (14)
6x Aire of Elation
4x Missing Voice, The
4x Siren's Lure

Reaction (24)
1x Delaying Tactics
2x My Enemy's Enemy
3x On the Qui Vive
8x Telepathic Misdirection
4x Tourette's Voice
6x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (18)
10x Majesty
8x Soak