Origins - Thursday 1
Columbus, Ohio
September 30th 2021
2R+F
12 players
Darby Keeney
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9846

Deck Name: Broccolini
This deck was developed independently from (but about the same time as) Esa-Matti Smolander's 17 Sept 2019 winner. The designs turned out similar because there's a single logical path for development with these vampires:
1) Get too many MPA and discard options,
2) Play Ashur Tablets,
3) Profit.

I suspect I'm a little more ruthless in discarding than Esa-Matti is - I have one more set of Tablets and want dual stealth locations. Between Blithe Acceptance and those locations, I can leverage a more compact stealth module from that point forward.

Crypt (12 cards, min=10 max=40 avg=6.58)
----------------------------------------
4x Huitzilopochtli          10  AUS DAI DOM OBF POT PRE  Baali:2
4x Giotto Verducci          7   DAI OBF for pot pre      Baali:2
3x Anarch Convert           1   -none-                   Caitiff:ANY
1x High Priest Angra Mainyu 8   DAI OBF PRE dem ser      Baali:2

Who Eats A Lot Of Broccoli is clearly the focus. If I don't get him early I'm behind the curve, digging for Wider View and pushing subsequent Tend the Flocks + Info Highway for pool gain. The deck would probably run better with 5/13 Huitz since it can limp along without Giotto if needed - but having a valid target for Tend is still pretty important.
The 3 Anarch Converts give the Railroad stealth, but also provide 1-3 chump block options if that's needed more. I seldom get the High Priest unless I'm pretty far ahead in the mid game (like, never???)

Library (75 cards)
Master (41; 8 trifle)
1x Anarch Railroad -- not perfect, but good enough
1x Archon Investigation
12x Ashur Tablets -- because they are stupidly broken.
1x Coven, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Giant's Blood
2x Information Highway -- helps stabilize with 3 pool gain per Tend if needed.
1x Jake Washington -- he blocks more than he pops for blood.
1x Metro Underground -- fits with Cog and bounce functions
1x Monastery of Shadows
3x Parthenon, The
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Perfectionist -- might be non-essential, but Blithe Acceptance sometimes creates extra blood demand.
6x Tend the Flock -- this keeps me from running Secure Haven
4x Villein
1x Wash -- have you seen how this fits in Tablet decks? It's so stupid.
2x Wider View

Action (8)
1x Blithe Acceptance -- stupidly good in this kind of deck
1x Contagion
1x Dominate Kine -- mostly to steal intercept locations.
3x Entrancement -- because Emerald Legionnaires exist.
2x Unleash Hell's Fury -- staple Baali defense.

Ally (4)
1x Carlton Van Wyk -- this tends to plug a lot of holes.
1x Infernal Servitor -- the Govern that blocks.
1x Mylan Horseed -- the Metro Underground that bleeds.
1x Veneficti

Action Modifier (10)
1x Elder Impersonation
1x Enkil Cog -- I'm usually not in a hurry, it comes when it comes - it's needs Metro Underground or Mylan so I would have to churn to make the thing work even with a second copy.
1x Faceless Night
2x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x I am Legion
2x Into Thin Air
1x Psychomachia

Action Modifier/Combat (2)
1x Force of Personality -- useful anti-ally tech with an S:CE
1x Swallowed by the Night

Action Modifier/Reaction (3)
3x Sense the Sin

Reaction (4)
2x Deflection
2x Eluding the Arms of Morpheus -- this card should have Baali clan reminder text..

Combat (2)
2x Majesty

Event (1)
1x Scourge of the Enochians -- answers too many questions to not have in the deck, its deployment can be timed with the Tablets.