Origins - Friday 1
Columbus (OH), USA
October 1st 2021
2R+F
10 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9848

-- 0GW1.5 + 2.5VP in final

Deck Name: Balls of Stihl
Created by: Darby Keeney and John Eno
Description: A dancing Imbued deck featuring Talbot's Chainsaw.

Mental mistakes cost games. In round one, I was blocked transferring equipment to Jennie, but my
mental game state had that action succeed, so when I blocked with a one life Jennie two turns later
the mistake leads to a burned Jennie. It's really hard to run this deck without her. 0 VPs in round
one.

Round two wasn't shaping up to be any better. My prey was playing Lasombra and influenced Carolina
Valez and Lord Leopold Valdemar in that order. Not being able to damage one of them and having to
handle theft with the other was going to be problematic. My predator was playing Carna, but had to
worry about Rachel Brandywine, leaving me some wiggle room. This allowed me to get some early
powers into play. Late game I used Angel of Berlin to put Talbot's Chainsaw on Jennie. She rushed
the famous Lord Leopold, dunking him. After unlocking with Vigilance, I was able to bleed with
Strike/Second Sight to oust. Next turn with time running low, I land the ousting bleed on my new
prey, but Carna decides to Eagle's Sight my ousting bleed. Instead of a game win, I end up with
1.5 VPs.

That's enough to sneak into the finals as 5th seed.
Ian Lee with Lasombra ->
Darby Keeney with Legacy of Pander ->
Alex Romano with Rachel Brandywine Madness Network ->
me ->
Mark Loughman with Carna

Darby gets the Information Highway in his opening hand and dumps 3 Pander on the table. Alex
influences Zoe to help defend against the impending Pander horde. I drop counters on Travis and
Mark begins influencing as well. Ian gets an early Zillah's Valley and brings a titled vampire into
play before Darby has a chance to call any votes. Darby turns into a weenie bleed deck, calling
occasional votes that Ian permits. Alex is behind on getting Rachel in play and needs to spend lots
of time looking backwards. My ability to cut Mark's crypt (for the second time today) to hide Carna
means that my early actions aren't blocked. I quickly get to three Imbued with Travis, Jennie, and
Jack(?). I'm actually in a really good spot because of the pressure on Alex, who is floating around
3-4 pool. After an Unmasking, I get out two more Imbued about the time Darby transfers out. Alex
still has to contend with Ian, but the pressure is less. I start having to deal with Alex's bleeds.
After only the occasional forward action, Pentex floats into my hand. The time is now. I Pentex
Carna and Strike/Second Sight my way through 9 pool. I am completely locked and Alex undoes most of
the pool gain I received for my oust. Ian was low on pool because Dominate is pretty good, so as my
new prey, I Strike/Second Sight my way through his 3 pool, grabbing another VP. Alex burns through
my VP pool because I am again locked completely. On my next turn, I have 5 Imbued ready for Alex
and am sitting on 14 pool. I have two Champions with 3 and 5 convictions respectively, Second Sight
on every Imbued, and intercept powers and equipment on top of the Unmasking. I just need to make the
last 15 minutes. With the Madness Network in play, I need to defend against 6 actions between my
unlocks. I survive a turn, play Unity, use it to put two Angel of Berlin on top of my library. That
will give me enough unlock to survive until time. After one more big effort by Alex, he concedes
with a few minutes left on the clock.

Imbued get a lot of table hate and I did take some cross-table vote damage, but not too much in
this game. The deck is very solid if you can get the setup right. Early blocks of powers, Travis's
ability, and Inspire actions put you behind the curve. I was lucky to get most of my setup because
of table dynamics. The deck is fun to play, but requires many, small, correct steps, like a
Rube-Goldberg machine, before you're in a position to be truly successful.

Crypt (12 cards, min=14, max=20, avg=4.33)
------------------------------------------
3x Jennie "Cassie247" Orne      5  inn jud viz  Visionary:4
3x Travis "Traveler72" Miller   5  def mar      Martyr:4
2x Jack "Hannibal137" Harmon    4  def jud      Defender:4
1x Erick "Shophet125" Franco    4  inn jud      Judge:4
1x Xian "DziDzat155" Quan       4  def inn      Defender:4
1x François "Warden" Loehr      3  def jud      Judge:4
1x Inez "Nurse216" Villagrande  3  inn          Innocent:4

Library (71 cards)
Master (14; 1 trifle)
5x Angel of Berlin
2x Church of Vindicated Faith, The
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fame
1x Fortschritt Library
1x Pentex(TM) Subversion
1x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
1x Unity
1x Wider View

Conviction (22)
8x React with Conviction
7x Second Sight
7x Strike with Conviction

Ally (2)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
1x Vagabond Mystic

Equipment (12)
1x .44 Magnum
1x Crusader Sword, The
1x Flak Jacket
1x Heart of Nizchetus
1x Ivory Bow
1x Kevlar Vest
1x Laptop Computer
2x Leather Jacket
1x Sport Bike
2x Talbot's Chainsaw

Power (15)
2x Champion
2x Discern
1x Hide
2x Inspire
3x Rejuvenate
5x Vigilance

Reaction (1)
1x Determine

Event (5)
1x Dragonbound
1x NRA PAC
2x Unmasking, The
1x Veil of Darkness