Nosferatu Hosting Loughman's Birthday
Heath, Ohio
December 5th 2021
2R+F
13 players
Karl Schaefer
https://www.vekn.net/event-calendar/event/9953

-- 2gw8 + 3vp in final

Deck Name: Shambling into the Void
Description: I was hoping to play the new Ministry today, but with so many others planning to do
the same, I played this instead.

This deck is first and foremost a Shambling Horde deck, getting a 4-life Horde for 1 blood after
Angelique's special and a Perfectionist is rather great. The Legionnaires and AUS weenies help
provide mass for horde bleeding. A solid defense with The Unmasking and bounce helps keeps you in
the game even at low pool. The worst decks for you are voters that are cross-table or that have a
lot of stealth that can routinely get by your intercept. There were no such decks for me today.

I had a lucky two opening rounds. I was able to sit mostly unmolested and slowly build as my
predators were under threat. This enabled me to get two sweeps and enter the finals in first place.

Finals seating:
Kurt Kopp, new Anarch Gangrel wall: 0 VP ->
Me: 3 VP ->
Brad Cashdollar, Platnum Protocol bleed: 0 VP ->
John Mathys, V5 Malks: 2 VP ->
Mark Loughmn, Banu Haqim vote/combat: 0 VP

I decided to sit as far away from the bleed cannons as possible. They were stacked, so Brad was
going to help John with bounced bleeds.

My opening hand was 3 Legionnaires and my opening crypt had no Angelique. I did have an Information
Highway, so managed America and Hecate on turns one and two. I had The Unmaksing in play even
before I recruited my first Legionnaire. This was useful as I was able to prevent Double Deuce from
entering play. It cost me a Legionnaire, but Target Vitals left the vamp empty, making it a good
target for Mark's Judgment: Camarilla Segregation on the following turn. I was able to stealth a
second Legionnaire into play.

Mark managed two actions, playing the aforementioned Judgment and calling Anathema on one of John's
Malks. Before Mark was ousted, Kurt, seeing his future, burned John's hunting ground with
Rewilding.

After Mark was ousted, John had 4 vampires in play and the Anathema was at 4 blood. I offered to
rush that vampire with my lone Horde to prevent Kurt from doing so. Losing a vampire was a bad
deal, but having his prey gain 6 pool for it would have been worse. In the end John relented. I was
6 pool to the better and John had yet another person hampering his game. After throwing in a few
bleeds for 1, Brad takes his turn.

Brad fires off bleeds of 7, 5, and 4. All of them are bounced. Kurt manages to survive and John is
able to land his bleeds. Kurt risks another vampire, really he had so few options at this point.

I push hard on Brad, failing to oust. Most of my 1 bleeds are bounced and my Horde rush was stymied
by Earth Meld. Brad tried to get through John. There is more bounce. Kurt has to start torporizing
Brad's vampire just to draw cards, hoping for more wake. Kurt is ousted by John. I get Brad down to
2 pool. He has one vampire left. I'm now John's prey. I bounce a bleed of 5 at 2 stealth to Brad to
gain my first VP. John sends two more vampires while I'm locked. I use Funeral Wake to bring up two
Hordes and try to block both bleeds. I catch the second one, sending the vampire to torpor. At the
start of my turn, John has two remaining ready vampires with one blood each. After two Horde
rushes, he has no ready vampires. With 6 ready bleeders and John at 10 pool, he concedes.

Crypt (13 cards, min=15, max=36, avg=6.46)
------------------------------------------
5x Angelique        9  AUS FOR NEC SER THA  Harbinger of Skulls:6
2x Hecate           6  AUS FOR NEC          Harbinger of Skulls:5
2x La Viuda Blanca  6  AUS NEC for obf      Harbinger of Skulls:6
1x America Johnson  4  AUS vic              Tzimisce:5
1x Pearl            4  AUS obf              Malkavian antitribu:5
1x Tyler McGill     4  AUS pre              Toreador:5
1x Veejay Vinod     3  AUS                  Nagaraja:6

Library (72 cards)
-- I recently shrank this deck from 80 to 76 to 72. Smaller is better
Master (14; 1 trifle)
1x Barrens, The
2x Blood Doll
1x Direct Intervention
4x Dreams of the Sphinx -- this is from a phase of my deckbuilding where I relied on Dreams too much; 2 of these should be Villeins
1x Fame
1x Information Highway
1x Mob Connections
2x Perfectionist
1x Wider View

Ally (21)
1x Carlton Van Wyk
7x Emerald Legionnaire -- always try to recruit; I usually never recycle more than 3
1x Mylan Horseed -- never saw today; could probably be something else the unlock isn't critical, but the cheap bleeding is
12x Shambling Hordes

Equipment (1)
1x Heart of Nizchetus -- discarded every time I saw it; smaller decks seems good without it

Action Modifier (6)
4x Call of the Hungry Dead -- the stealth package is light, so you have to time actions depending on potential blockers
2x Trochomancy -- ousts mostly with lots of bleeds for 1, these are to throw off the math

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Breath of Thanatos

Action Modifier/Reaction (4)
4x Spectral Divination -- was more useful for intercept today; if intending to block a NEC vampire is usually the better choice for more intercept options

Reaction (14)
3x Eyes of Argus
2x Funeral Wake -- free with Angelique's special; so good when it's free
3x My Enemy's Enemy
3x On the Qui Vive
3x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (5)
2x Fake Out
2x Target Vitals -- just enough surprises to make them think
1x Trap

Event (4)
1x Dragonbound -- managed my final oust in round 1 with this; sometimes important, sometimes not
1x FBI Special Affairs Division -- so critical against the Fortitude vampires I encountered
2x Unmasking, The -- this card is broken