BattleCry 2000
Auckland, New Zealand
January 15th 2000
16 players
Dog
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/fmIe6rXLzhw

Deck Name: Extreme Sports

The Winning Deck:
Description: Tremere push the pain for all it's worth...

Instructions:
1: If the tourney rules allow you, don't be afraid to strip this deck by as
many as 30 cards...
a) The Gangrel de-evolutions are because Gangrel's persistent small bleeds
and many combat-ends cards are annoying.
b) The strained vitae supplies are great against pleb-decks.
c) Strip one Chainsaw and all Vast Wealth if you think the Chainsaw is in
danger from Canine Hordes. If you think it may get stolen with fast
hands... Keep it in! ;o)

2: Try to save the bursts of sunlight for when you're blocking. Or your
opponent will just dodge of Combat ends.

3: Dawn-op, Weather Control, Skin of Night :o)

4: The chainsaw will start an entropic process, ending in your demise, or
the chainsaw-bearer going to torpor... Make sure you time its appearance so
that you have won before it causes you to lose. The Restorations, the Fifth
Trads, the Chantry, and the Masochism will all help to make the Chainsaw as
painless as possible.

5: The Chainsaw can be used twice in a turn if you use Heidelburg.

6: You *need* someone out with superior Auspex if your predator is capable
of large bleeds.

7: You *can* survive for some time without a prince or justicar, but you'll
probably need one for the end-game.

8: Blood Dolls, Restorations, Fifth Trads, and the Arcane Library are your
blood-generation, Bindusara has superior Auspex and can get you the Arcane

Political Defense: Block them.
S&B Defense: Deflect them until you can chop 'em up.
Pleb Defense: Beat 'em up, and eat 'em. Strained vitae supply.
Combat Defense: Agg-damage (dawn op / Weather control, or block and wait for
a good chance at Burst of sunlight, then be sure to diablerise them.

Crypt (12 cards, min=18 max=38 avg=7.33)
----------------------------------------
3x Muaziz, Archon of Ulugh Beg          7   THA aus dom for                       Tremere:2
2x Ulugh Beg, The Watcher               10  AUS DOM THA cel for pot     justicar  Tremere:1
2x Cardano                              9   DOM FOR THA ani aus cel     prince    Tremere:1
2x Blythe Candeleria                    3   THA aus                               Tremere:2
1x Bindusara, Historian of the Kindred  9   AUS DOM FOR PRE tha                   Ventrue:2
1x Javier Montoya                       9   AUS THA ani cel pre         prince    Tremere:2
1x Merrill Molitor                      5   THA aus dom                           Tremere:1

Library (100 cards)
Master (28)
1x Academic Hunting Ground
2x Arcane Library
1x Archon Investigation
5x Blood Doll
2x Chantry
4x Fortitude
3x Gangrel Atavism
2x Heidelberg Castle, Germany
1x Mob Connections
3x Strained Vitae Supply
4x Vast Wealth

Action (15)
3x Fifth Tradition: Hospitality
4x Masochism
1x Pulse of the Canaille
4x Restoration
3x Rutor's Hand

Equipment (2)
2x Talbot's Chainsaw

Action Modifier (10)
3x Conditioning
2x Dawn Operation
5x Freak Drive

Reaction (17)
2x Eagle's Sight
2x My Enemy's Enemy
4x Second Tradition: Domain
4x Telepathic Misdirection
5x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (28)
5x Burst of Sunlight
3x Hidden Strength
5x Skin of Night
4x Taste of Vitae
4x Theft of Vitae
3x Thoughts Betrayed
4x Weather Control