Halloween
Torrance (CA), USA
September 29th 2001
8 players only
Dennis Lien
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/VxNIRLLpGmc

Scourge of El Segundo
"A" vote deck

This is a modification of my earlier deck that featured Anson and Rake with
Natasha. I figured too many people would use Anson in a tournament setting,
so I switched. Actually, Arika is simply better for my purposes.
The idea is rather simple, limit the blood supply, then wait until you can
kill your prey with a couple of stealthy votes and whack the rest of the
table at the same time. This is principally a weenie stomper.
There is precious little defense, save the Redirections and Obedience. I
figured if I was facing rush combat then IG would wipe out my Majesties
anyway. I was right! But in hindsight I do regret not including some
Rolling with the Punches. Not a single intercept card and I don't think
that's a problem. Unless you're stealthily D-attacking me, I don't care what
you do, just bring out more minions please.
Big time blood recursion with the Taps and Caps.
The main problem with getting the votes off is cancellation and Delaying
Tactics. Shrug. Three "finisher" cards with the Day Ops and the Air.

Tournament Notes
Robert Acevedo was my bane all day. He was playing
Ventrue Ante with Quinton AND Demonstration. Ugh!

Game #1, Robert was my prey and he got his combo out
quick, shutting down my votes. Marcos was my predator with a Beast/Rush
deck. He killed Arika the turn after I brought her out and that was about
that. I held on to outlive Marcos; moral victory. Robert swept.

Game #2 and now Robert is my predator and Marcos is
my prey. Sigh! Here we go again. Luckily I made a deal with Marcos that I
wouldn't bleed him if he didn't attack me. (Not bleeding your prey? Talk
about suicide!) I figured I'd have my hands full with Robert's bleeds anyway.
Fortunately Larry's weenie bleeder took Robert out with a stealthy 7
bleed, Go Peter Blaine! That got Quinton off of my back and the next turn I
called an Ancilla and Banished the Beast. Marcos attacked me, breaking
our deal, so I deflected Larry's next big bleed and then bled out Marcos.
Two Ancillas later, Larry's weenies had betrayed him and what was left of his
pool.

Final: I was seeded 4th and Julien chose me as his
prey. I don't know if he knew what my deck did, but he was playing Dramatic
Upheaval, so it didn't matter much anyway. I think he mostly chose to have
Cary for his predator because he was the only non-bleeder at the table.
Larry ousted Cary very quickly and I was at Robert's mercy even though he was
my prey, because that accursed Quinton was out again. Larry made a deal to
back off of Julien until Robert and I were dead. Oops. Robert and I then
conspired to vote Larry out and I figured I'd get second if Robert could
bleed out Julien and then roll for me. Surprise, surprise. Julien was not
only resilient, he outgained Robert and Hostiled Quinton. Robert was getting
low on pool, so he had to let him go. I hadn't gone below 15 that game so I
jumped in and bid 8 for Quinton. That kinda cinched it. Robert couldn't
kill Julien with only two minions so I agreed to let Julien withdraw if he
backed off me until I killed Robert. (I HATE when these deals switch
around!) Anyway, Robert got down to 3 pool with one minion and I had to
resort to calling three Anarchist Uprisings to kill him so he couldn't
deflect a bleed. Julien withdrew and took second, Robert took third. When
was the last time someone won a final as the only guy with 2VP? Weird
tourney, where were the Malks?

Crypt (12 cards, min=36, max=44, avg=10)
----------------------------------------
6x Arika             11  DOM FOR OBF PRE aus cel  inner circle  Ventrue:2
6x Natasha Volfchek   9  FOR PRE cel dom pot      primogen      Ventrue:1

Library (90 cards)
Master (20)
1x Creepshow Casino
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Elder Library
1x Elysium: The Palace of Versailles
1x Giant's Blood
9x Minion Tap
1x Ventrue Headquarters
4x Zillah's Valley

Action (5)
5x Charming Lobby

Political Action (19)
8x Anarchist Uprising
8x Ancilla Empowerment
2x Banishment
1x Ventrue Justicar

Action Modifier (34)
1x Aire of Elation
3x Alacrity
5x Awe
7x Bewitching Oration
3x Cloak the Gathering
2x Day Operation
1x Kiss of Ra, The
4x Seduction
8x Voter Captivation

Reaction (12)
4x Obedience
4x Redirection
4x Wake with Evening's Freshness