Gateway Event 1
Los Angeles, California
September 1st 2001
Brad Ward
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/ZLzYoNmk3k0

The prelims were pretty nasty. I abused the crap out of the Succubus
Club. The first table I ended up using it to save myself from dying 3
different times. After paying my predator 1 pool to "borrow" her
rats, I had the set up to oust Steve Bucy with a Perfect
Clarity/Daring Dawn bleed. This burned Spiro and left me with no
minions. I worked a deal with Nat Hammond to help oust my predator.
The Succubus Club came in really handy letting me offer Nat and myself
unlimited card cycling using Succubus to trade the Elder Library back
and forth.

I don't remember much from the second round, except that Succubus came
in abusively helpful once again by being able to constantly trade
Milicent Smith back to myself at the begining of every turn. This
time Nat Hammond got to be on the recieving end of that horrible
succubus club card.

The Final had the following seating order:

#1 Brad Ward - Spiridonas Soul Gem/Perfect Clarity/Daring Dawn
#2 John Amato - Black Cat, Celerity Equipment !Brujah/Brujah
#3 Paul Johnson - ???
#4 Jason Dawson - Anarch Revolt Weenie Dominate/Bleed/Bleed Bouncer
#5 ??? -

Attention first went to Jason who had the Anarch heavy bleed
deflection deck. Paul and Jason's prey (don't recall who)
really tried to put the hurt on Jason. I was the only one with votes
on the table. Jason, seeing his demise offered to help me however he
could if I would vote to keep his Anarchs in play while he ousts his
prey. My prey (John) was putty in my hands, having neither bleed
bounce, intercept nor stealth. Jason's prey fell first followed
by Paul Johnson. I then ousted John Amato and Jason followed through
with his deal and rolled over. The game was over in about an hour or
less thanks to the Anarch Revolts.

Note: The deck is only less than 90 cards because I had limited
number of Perfect Clarity. I plan to increase it to 90 as I acquire
more.

Crypt (18 cards, min=36 max=36 avg=9)
-------------------------------------
18x Spiridonas  9    DOM THA pot pre    prince  Tremere:2

Library (80 cards)
Master (20)
2x Arcane Library
1x Barrens, The
1x Contingency Planning
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Elder Library
8x Fortitude
2x Millicent Smith, Puritan Vampire Hunter
3x Parthenon, The
1x Succubus Club

Action (10)
4x Force of Will
6x Magic of the Smith

Equipment (6)
4x Blood Tears of Kephran
2x Soul Gem of Etrius

Action Modifier (17)
6x Bonding
6x Daring the Dawn
5x Perfect Clarity

Reaction (27)
15x Obedience
12x Second Tradition: Domain