NAC 2001 Thursday
GenCon, Milwaukee, Wisconsin
August 2nd 2001
Scott Christofersen
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/3E6a98pg8fg

Deck Name: All ahead full...

Description: Stealth Bleed

Keep it simple. Get out a bleeder as quick as you can and keep bleeding.
If you bring out a vampire and you are bleed, bounce the bleed.
If you get bounced and you are going to take out someone elses prey play
spying mission. Suddens are for minion taps or very bad for you masters.
Pranks are to keep other prey in the game by giving them pool or to slow the
game/gain pool on early turns. Fear of mekhet was tossed in moments before I
left for gencon as I thought there might be some big bad bloat decks.

well...that was the idea...things went sour when Robyn put out a war ghoul
turn 3 in the first round and I had to gain pool like mad for many turns as
I made the deal not to bleed her if she just didn't come my way with the war
ghoul over and over. Govern back and suck it off/prank saved me from the 4+
bleed a turn I was taking till I thought I might be able to take her out in
one turn and didn't make the deal. I think I got my max stealth action of 7
to get the bleed in and I actually felt bad about it. Robyn should have won
that game in my opinion if she had wanted to pound on the poor guy who had
only played 2 games in his life that was her prey.

The final was pure seating as Jeff (the Lasombra) knows. All in all luck
won the day for me more than anything. Took 19VP thursday and 0 friday
mostly due to bad play by me and a bit of bad luck as well.

Crypt (12 cards, min=19 max=29 avg=6)
-------------------------------------
2x Gilbert Duane        7   AUS DOM OBF         prince  Malkavian:1
2x Mariel, Lady Thunder 7   DOM OBF aus tha             Malkavian:1
2x Ozmo                 6   AUS dom obf                 Malkavian:1
2x Didi Meyers          5   DOM aus cel obf             Malkavian:1
2x Zebulon              5   OBF aus dom pro             Malkavian:1
1x Cornelius Ottavio    8   AUS OBF pre qui             Malkavian:2
1x Roland Bishop        4   aus dom obf                 Malkavian:1

Library (63 cards)
Master (13)
4x Dominate
1x Fear of Mekhet
1x Giant's Blood
1x Information Highway
3x Malkavian Prank
3x Sudden Reversal

Action (9)
9x Govern the Unaligned

Action Modifier (31)
3x Bonding
5x Cloak the Gathering
3x Command of the Beast
1x Conditioning
4x Faceless Night
6x Foreshadowing Destruction
6x Lost in Crowds
3x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (4)
4x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (6)
6x Deflection