UBCon
Buffalo (NY), USA
April 11th 1997
3R+F
8 players only
Josh Duffin
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/PZWJcpGKjoI/m/2bfSNe6ho3cJ

... Which reminds me that despite your inveigling I never did post my
UBCon Tourney-winning deck, which was also a combat deck, though not so very
involved as the four-discipline Marty deck. So here's the listing:

The idea is really pretty obvious: get into combat, beat the crap out of
some poor vampire, taste their vitae to refill your vamp. The combat
section is a little on the repetitive side, but that's what seems to be
effective. And it was very effective, especially the Immortal Grapples: it
seemed like most people at the tourney hadn't seen IG used very extensively
before, while, in my group, it has become the staple of most combat decks due
to its ability to beat strike:combat ends and dodge.

The Archon Investigation, cheesy trump card that it is, saved my ass a couple
times when the "Meet my unblockable Return to Innocence" deck came over to
bleed me for 11 for more. I was lucky enough to have it in hand at the right
time, and so I got its benefit (even though, at least once, that just got
Basilia with her two skill cards turned into some IC member via the old
Soul Gem), which was of course tremendous. I would almost certainly have
lost the final (championship) game if I had not drawn my AI quite early, and
knowing that my predator was the RTI deck, held it until I needed it.

The 3 princes are somewhat important for the vote angle that was meant to
give me some sort of edge over "standard" combat deck operations. As it
turned out, the vote angle never really paid off during the tournament - I
only managed to use Anathema a couple times, and never really got any mileage
out of the Con Boons. But I still think it was a good idea...
library: 90 cards (the maximum we allowed; the tourney was DCI rules, with
a few cards banned - paralyze cards from the Jyhad set, plus Succubus Club,
Monocle, and I think that was about it.)

Crypt (13 cards, min=10, max=24, avg=4.23)
------------------------------------------
2x Anvil                         6  CEL POT dom pre tha  primogen  Brujah:1
2x Volker, The Puppet Prince     5  CEL pot              prince    Brujah:2
2x Dre, Leader of the Cold Dawn  3  cel pot                        Brujah:1
1x Bianca                        6  CEL pot pre                    Brujah:1
1x Rake                          6  PRE aus cel pot      prince    Brujah:1
1x Jimmy Dunn                    4  CEL POT for                    Pander:2
1x Yuri, The Talon               4  cel pot pre                    Brujah:1
1x Jacob Bragg                   3  cel pot                        Brujah antitribu:2
1x KoKo                          2  pot                            Nosferatu:1
1x Lupo                          2  pot                            Brujah:1

Library (90 cards)
Master (14)
1x Archon Investigation
1x Blood Doll
3x Celerity
1x Fragment of the Book of Nod
4x Haven Uncovered
4x Potence

Action (11)
3x Ambush
7x Bum's Rush
1x Rampage

Political Action (8)
3x Anathema
3x Consanguineous Boon
1x Praxis Seizure: Rome
1x Praxis Seizure: Washington, D.C.

Combat (57)
2x Acrobatics
3x Blur
1x Fists of Death
8x Flash
9x Immortal Grapple
1x Increased Strength
2x Pulled Fangs
1x Pursuit
2x Side Strike
3x Sideslip
7x Taste of Vitae
9x Torn Signpost
9x Undead Strength