Praxis Seizure: LA Event #3
Los Angeles, California
February 21st 2000
9 players only
Robert Goudie
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/sGdBDXKVF5c

Robert Goudie's Weenie Obfuscate/Auspex deck

Well, first of all, I'm suprised at the contents now that I look at
it. The original version was more heavily weighted toward Night Moves.
This is probably half as many as were in the first version. I also
removed all of the dodges and instead put more intercept. I've always
called it a night moves deck but that really doesn't describe it well
anymore. Let's call it a Weenie Obfuscate/Auspex deck.

The crypt design is pretty obvious. I put 2 of each vampire that had
auspex+obfuscate. I also put 2 of the 1 or 2 capacity vamps with
obfuscate. The auspex vamps are key. I need to get at least one to
start with.

I think I'm pretty well known for really focussed decks (weenie dom bleed,
weenie cryptic mission, weenie undead persistance, etc.) and this is
somewhat of a departure. They're still weenies but I put in a good
number of cards that may or may not be useful. As it turned out, these
additions that watered-down my stealth bleed were a big benefit to me.

I believe I won with no library cards left so I had an opportunity to
play all of the one-shot cards. Delaying Tactics was used to save my bacon.
The Malkavian Dementias were quite nasty and allowed me to take Lucian
from my predator at a couple of key moments. The Muddled was quite useful,
as were the Haven Uncovered (I believe Paul made use of it to attack
Jeff) and the Sudden Reversals.

I essentially used my size to get a quick kill of my first prey. Then,
I had enough intercept to keep my next prey and my predator from killing
me. The neverending supply of stealthy bleeds eventually did the trick.

-Robert

Crypt (16 cards, min=6, max=13, avg=2.56)
-----------------------------------------
2x Dollface			    3	aus obf		Malkavian:1
2x Regilio, The Seeker of Akhenaten 3	aus obf		Nosferatu:2
2x Zöe				    3	AUS cel obf	Malkavian:2
2x Dimple			    2	obf		Nosferatu:1
2x Normal			    2	obf		Malkavian:1
2x Basil			    1	obf		Pander:2
1x Agrippina			    4	OBF pot		Nosferatu:1
1x Duck				    3	obf pot		Nosferatu:1
1x Watenda			    3	obf		Malkavian:2
1x Yorik			    3	dem obf		Malkavian antitribu:2

Library (87 cards)
Master (18)
1x Archon Investigation
3x Auspex
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fear of Mekhet
1x Haven Uncovered
1x Life Boon
1x Major Boon
2x Malkavian Dementia
5x Obfuscate
2x Sudden Reversal

Action (15)
1x Arson
14x Night Moves

Ally (1)
1x Muddled Vampire Hunter

Equipment (4)
1x Ivory Bow
2x Laptop Computer
1x Sport Bike

Action Modifier (20)
4x Cloak the Gathering
3x Faceless Night
4x Lost in Crowds
9x Spying Mission

Action Modifier/Combat (3)
3x Swallowed by the Night

Reaction (24)
2x Delaying Tactics
4x Enhanced Senses
4x Telepathic Counter
5x Telepathic Misdirection
9x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (2)
2x Aura Reading