Third Planet Invitational
Torrance, California
October 27th 2001
12 players
Dennis Lien
https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/J3zAejqTfRA/Bin83TNrP-0Ji

https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/llQH7j4T23M/-1XPyZp13K4J

Scourge of El Segundo

"The Waiting"

This is the first time I've ever run this deck or anything like it. I
attempted to build a deck that could survive long enough in a tournament
environment in order to make a deal or two and then finish off my prey
and maybe my grand prey in one huge flurry. Based on my
previous tournament experience I figured I'd face alot of bleed and vote
and not much rush/combat that didn't feature IG (in which case
I'd be screwed anyway), hence the lack of combat cards. The idea is to
generate enough blood to keep your pool away from any huge
votes or bleeds, Sudden or DI anything that's gonna hurt you real bad,
try not to piss off the D-attackers, let your predator bleed your
prey and wait for the moment to strike.

The crypt features 7 votes and plenty of Dominate for those
Deflections. Plus with 42 master cards out of 90 total, Anson is a MUST.
Ulugh and Cardano are the Day Op finishers and Muaziz is versatility.
You must be VERY patient playing this deck, you can't really go
forward until you're ready to commit everything for the kill. I tried
to rifle through the deck as quickly as possible (Storage
Annex/Ulugh/Parthenon) and get the cards I need for the finisher locked
in the annexes. All you're looking for is to get your prey down
to 7 pool, then send Muaziz in to knock out any stoppers with a
Revelations and then go for it! Ultimately this is proof that a deck
doesn't have to be some kind of "nasty creature" to win a tourney.

Crypt (12 cards, min=29, max=39, avg=8.5)
-----------------------------------------
3x Ulugh Beg, The Watcher       10  AUS DOM THA cel for pot  justicar  Tremere:1
3x Cardano                       9  DOM FOR THA ani aus cel  prince    Tremere:1
3x Anson                         8  CEL PRE aus dom          prince    Toreador:1
3x Muaziz, Archon of Ulugh Beg   7  THA aus dom for                    Tremere:2

Library (90 cards)
Master (42)
2x Anarch Revolt
1x Arcane Library
4x Archon Investigation
2x Blood Doll
6x Direct Intervention
2x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Elder Library
1x Giant's Blood
1x Legendary Vampire
6x Minion Tap
4x Parthenon, The
1x Powerbase: Montreal
6x Storage Annex
1x Succubus Club
4x Sudden Reversal

Action (12)
2x Fifth Tradition: Hospitality
8x Govern the Unaligned
2x Revelations

Action Modifier (9)
3x Conditioning
3x Day Operation
3x Perfect Clarity

Reaction (27)
6x Deflection
3x Delaying Tactics
3x Forced Awakening
3x Obedience
6x Redirection
3x Second Tradition: Domain
3x Wake with Evening's Freshness