Purity of the Beast
Minneapolis (MN), USA
November 3rd 2001
3R+F
12 players
Kevin J. Mergen
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/0Kw0rK38TGY/m/UnchoFWUQ9EJ

Deck Name: Jack's War Ghoul Protection Service

Description: Fairly standard Tzimischeese intercept deck with long-term goals in
mind. Jack's War Ghoul protection service is your key to victory.
Props to Jay Kristoff for helping me master the Tzimisce

In retrospect, I think I would change this crypt by removing the 2 Dragos for 2
more Little Tailor. Even when I saw Dragos, I never *wanted* to bring him out,
and Little Tailor bringing out Tatu for a total of 2 pool (a free Revenant and a
2-pool Tatu) is simply ridiculous. (Another variant would be 4 Little Tailor, 4
Meshenka, 4 Sascha, although I don't know how this would work. I'm sure it
would be fine.)

Note that if you're going to play AoR in a deck like this, you must have 3 (or
more in a larger deck) as you will probably be forced to let it be removed
eventually, but you want to have one around constantly as it and Jack are your
primary sources of damage.

I would probably take out 2 Eagle's Sight for an extra Cat's and an extra FA,
since they are so critical to the deck. The power of Big Eye is simply amazing.

After I played the first BotD, people kept asking me *every combat* if I had
another BotD. I always told them "Yes, but it doesn't need to be played right
now" and just smiled. When this deck was larger, it had more BotD, but when I
decided the Atlanta deck-building philosophy was the correct and true path, I
had to cut SOMETHING to get to 75, and 6 BotD went bye-bye. You really only
need these for decks like Dave's S&B, who rely on getting away via maneuvers, so
you don't need more than a couple.

I used to think Nephandus or the Renegade Garou was the best ally. I was
mistaken. Tatu wins games.

As you can see, the deck really does only one thing -- get out Smiling Jack, and
protect him until it doesn't matter any more. This is about the 4th version of
this deck I have made, and the first one to almost entirely abandon pool gain.
Several people have made what I call the "pool gain" version of this deck, as
did James Hamblin and I last year after Sabbat War came out. The Gangrel are
also easily played with a deck of this type. Jay Kristoff won an Ohio
tournament with his version (http://www.vekn.fr/decks/twd.htm#jaykic),
which is more or less a master-heavy "pool gain" version.

Crypt (12 cards, min=24, max=32, avg=7.33)
------------------------------------------
2x Anton                             8  ANI AUS cel obf vic           Tzimisce:2
2x Little Tailor of Prague           8  ANI AUS VIC dem               Tzimisce:2
2x Meshenka                          8  ANI AUS VIC          priscus  Tzimisce:2
2x Sascha Vykos, The Angel of Caine  8  AUS THA VIC ani dom  priscus  Tzimisce:2
2x Dragos                            7  ANI AUS vic                   Tzimisce:2
2x Devin Bisley                      5  ANI AUS vic                   Tzimisce:2

Library (75 cards)
Master (14)
4x Blood Doll
1x Direct Intervention
1x Fame
1x Giant's Blood
1x Rack, The
3x Smiling Jack, The Anarch
3x Sudden Reversal

Action (3)
3x Army of Rats

Ally (4)
4x War Ghoul -- aka Tatu

Equipment (3)
3x Leather Jacket

Retainer (6)
6x Revenant

Reaction (33)
8x Cats' Guidance
8x Eagle's Sight
6x Enhanced Senses
8x Forced Awakening
3x Telepathic Misdirection

Combat (12)
2x Breath of the Dragon
10x Chiropteran Marauder