Tournament
Portsmouth, England
November 7th 1999
19 players
Rob Treasure
https://groups.google.com/g/rec.games.trading-cards.jyhad/c/FAQ_6tJ7RJk

Here's the deck that Rob Treasure won the November Portsmouth
Tournament with, together with his comments, both on the deck
and the tournament.

Rob's Ventrue Untouchables

"I wanted to try to show that my old faves can still rock
and roll in a tournament arena. The deck harps back to the
Ventrue Steamroller deck of GenCon97 with revisions for the
7/7 rulings which DID NOT help the Ventrue [Pulled Fangs,
Fame/Day Op, Tomb etc etc] needed to be done however.

It fits in most of the "Classic Cards" as well as a slice
of Obfuscate in place of the multitude of Day Ops. The
value of Master phases/cards are realised as they are laid
down 2 at a time - no one can deny the effectiveness of a
double Hostile in the right hands. Might take out the
revelations, they are useful to get rid of intercept,
wakes or power cards but more Daring the Dawn or Hostiles
would be more useful. I like the crypt, obviously powervamp
Arika and Queen Anne are the mainstay but either of the
other princes with an obf skill card can kick ass. Lady
Luck can boot you in the nuts with your draw of four but
as long as one of the biggies come out you are ok.

The deck has very little intercept. I tend to save the
2nd Trads and the Rumor Mill for emergencies and rely on
Hostiles, Banishments, Deflections and agitation as
"offensive defense". It has a lot of powerful one-shot
plays, biding your time, slotting together a good hand
and playing it well can take out two or cripple three
players in a turn. The deck is all about laying low and
balancing tables then pouncing when you are very sure
or taking a calculated risk [my kind of deck].

I was impressed with [and scared by!] a couple of decks
at the tourney. Niki's Trap/Undead Persistence deck was
cool, I liked the obvious but overlooked inclusion of
superior Dom. Will's horrible allies blender deck is
great, the hurt comes from an unexpected source and the
sheer numbers are hard to handle. 19 players. Could be
wrong but no Malk. S&B decks, F* ***** Hooray."

He's not wrong about the lack of cheese. Only one tap
and bleed deck, too! It was also good to see Nathan's
!Tre combat deck and Garry's big blokes doing well.

Crypt (12 cards, min=13, max=40, avg=6.33)
------------------------------------------
2x Arika                            11  DOM FOR OBF PRE aus cel  inner circle  Ventrue:2
2x Ranjan Rishi, Camarilla Scholar   5  DOM PRE for                            Ventrue:2
1x Queen Anne                       10  DOM FOR PRE aus obf      prince        Ventrue:2
1x Emerson Bridges                   8  DOM FOR PRE pot          prince        Ventrue:1
1x Sir Walter Nash                   7  DOM FOR PRE              prince        Ventrue:1
1x Vanessa                           6  DOM FOR aus pre                        Ventrue antitribu:2
1x Ingrid Russo                      4  DOM for                                Ventrue antitribu:2
1x Juan Cali                         3  aus for                                Ventrue antitribu:2
1x Lena Rowe                         3  aus obf pre                            Pander:2
1x Roland Loussarian                 3  for pre                                Ventrue:1

Library (88 cards)
Master (20)
1x Blood Doll
1x Direct Intervention
1x Dreams of the Sphinx
1x Elysium: The Arboretum
1x Fortitude
1x Giant's Blood
5x Hostile Takeover
1x Humanitas
2x Minion Tap
2x Obfuscate
1x Rumor Mill, Tabloid Newspaper, The
1x Secure Haven
1x Sudden Reversal
1x Ventrue Headquarters

Action (10)
2x Fifth Tradition: Hospitality
3x Govern the Unaligned
1x Media Influence
2x Restoration
2x Revelations

Equipment (1)
1x Changeling Skin Mask

Political Action (7)
2x Banishment
1x Parity Shift
3x Rumors of Gehenna
1x Ventrue Justicar

Retainer (1)
1x Mr. Winthrop

Action Modifier (16)
2x Bonding
3x Conditioning
1x Daring the Dawn
1x Day Operation
1x Foreshadowing Destruction
2x Forgotten Labyrinth
2x Freak Drive
2x Lost in Crowds
2x Seduction

Reaction (11)
4x Deflection
2x Forced Awakening
1x Second Tradition: Domain
4x Wake with Evening's Freshness

Combat (22)
7x Majesty
4x Resilience
2x Rolling with the Punches
4x Skin of Steel
3x Superior Mettle
2x Unflinching Persistence